But they do not participate in regional PTO so the copayment is always more money.
as long as the check goes to my insurance.
That we actually owe copayments.
Also they should (unclear) should be an estimation of why the claim was denied on the benefit statement.
Help me out with my medication.
Not receiving any calls to have my prescriptions filled.
my premium for my coverage.
A different recommendation for a medication my doctor had prescribed.
Take care of my medicine.
Made the tier 3 drugs not so expensive.
Yes a better explanation of the credit for hearing aids could be clarified.
We're following you know the procedure as to the refill of a prescription and it's being handled with professional approach and care.
an office visit on September the 29th and I was billed for that as not being covered by insurance.
However your insurance kind of sucks.
Just being able to look up the medications.
Unless you had a late enrollment penalty.
However your drug coverage is not very good.
my dental bill sent to me on May first.
Better training for your staff as far as what the coverage is for medications.
Add either silver sneakers or silver (unclear) as a benefit under the Medicare programs.
Make my health (unclear) cheaper.
He's had multiple sub dermal hematomas.
Just better coverage on the medical part.
(Unclear) pay more on the prescription.
You should not charge for preventative stuff.
As it's for a under $100 cream for medical need and use and recommended by a doctor.
Help pay for my reducing program that I'm.
Being on Social Security Disability every penny counts.
That $125 is grocery money and medicine money.
Yes you could cover NutriSystem through the benefits.
You can lower my premiums on my insurance.
Carried more medicines in my category.
You could've give me more information on my insurance plan.
(Unclear) the cost of the plan instead of saying zero deductible.
And very difficult to find information on what is covered and if any if there are any exceptions to the rule.
And change my coverage in the middle of my coverage year.
Get my medicine.
Verification easier verification of payment made through Social Security withdrawal.
You could've helped pay for my fitness membership.
and Iron prescription for my Anemia and evidently the insurance will not cover it.
Especially for people going onto Medicare.
the prescription from the doctor to take to the pharmacy.
for January February and March and I have paid my insurance for the whole year.
It was actually for a recommendation for an ear doctor.
Know which hearing aids are covered by the plan.
Getting through formulary is not.
This is just a new authorization to keep (unclear) the prescription.
This involved the copay versus a deductible.
you send the drugs every 90 days.
directly connected with a prescription place.
Given me the correct number to customer service for prescription reimbursement.
Paid more more medicine bill.
Told all the information on my mother's insurance benefits and provided it super efficiently.
on a 90 day supply of medication.
My complaint is about FDA approval (unclear) and drugs.
just a five years old and older the people on Medicare.
We did have prescription coverage to the time allotted.
Well for one prescriptions are outrageous if you have a tier 3.
Reducing my minimal deductions would be helpful.
It's very difficult for people with low income to keep up with the rising costs.
Just make the medications cheaper.
I think faster service for approval of the prescriptions.
So you know improving the information on picking the doctors.
Give me a price of the medication.
Resolved the issue of denial of payment.
the cost of my medicine went up.
I've been told to keep telling the doctor to resubmit those claims for payment.
Aside form covering more drugs at a lower price.
Lower the deductible it's highway robbery when we have to pay 300 dollars before the insurance kicks in (unclear).
Insulin is like oxygen.
Without an without insulin the insulin dependant diabetic dies.
if the payment includes the deductible.
I'm trying to set up a digital retinal imaging test in my house which takes five minutes.
There seems to be some confusion about the medication that I'm receiving whether or not it is in plan as a tier two drug or that it's a non formulary and needs an extension or an exception to the plan.
Take care of my forms.
My biggest complaint is with your prescription people.
Not paying $300 with insurance.
You could streamline the process of having pre authorization for extended periods for medications that are non narcotic.
Given me a cheaper price for (unclear) drug.
They're looking for a better price on a medication.
Basically it's just on the deductible.
Could've told me the cost of the difference in cost of the same prescription over a 10 day period.
You could include mammograms in your reward program.
They're promising me free hearing aids and free glasses.
Reduce prices on medications.
Lower my price and my prescription.
UHC misdirected the payment.
So your optional supplemental benefit will not be covered after April 30 2018.
I been calling about the Omnipod which is a diabetic supply needed.
You could have included Perdaxa in the prescription plan.
Reduce the cost of copayment every time we go for a follow up.
Lowered my copay on 2 prescriptions.
for my glaucoma is costing a 250 dollar copay.
It was a one-day surgery and I already paid the two twenty-five deductible.
This is about a claim from 2016 and now the provider Lake Country Fire and Rescue is threatening to sue a collection on my account if this amount is not paid.
You pay for syringes for vitamin shots at home.
It's rather these syringes to pay.
to do the insulin.
'Cause the Vitamin B12 shots is just as important as Insulin.
Not issue sporadically in the year but issued on report of doctors visits.
we was changing the dosage on my medicine.
You could cover the (unclear) drug medication.
Some people have to take medication that's a level 2 and level 3 narcotic.
He had the same information that I had on my Medicare Rx information on my card.
I'm a new member at the beginning of this month of going on to Medicare was.
being under your plan.
Finding a doctor and making my payment.
My cost of medication has gone up 3 times.
Removing the deductible I understand.
specially for seniors on a fixed income.
See that the pharmacy bill comes down.
Cover my dental bill with for a doctor who's not in the exclusive plan.
My problem is with the cost of drugs.
Get an answer as to why they're not paying for chiropractors adjustments.
Help me reduce the prices of my coverage.
she (unclear) necessary procedures.
Could have been more clear on your deductible arrangement and request of high tier drugs.
I'm on (unclear) which I've been paying $131 for a 90 day supply.
One in customer service for medical the second one was for rewards cards.
My question pertained to deductible and tiers.
Bring down my co-pays.
Your coverage for what you charge is ridiculous.
how the medications work with the (unclear).
will have 2 payments.
Lab tests done during an annual physical should be covered in entirety.
Given your clients a price on the medication before ordering it.
Please send up a letter when you go up on tour prices for the insurance for the medicine.
Insulin is a life emergency and so are other things like a respirator or something like that or inhaler.
Or not respirator but inhaler.
you know pricings on the brand names of our prescriptions weren't so extremely high.
The cost calculator was pretty far off for what the dental costs are.
Help me with my prescription.
They said it wasn't the number to the pharmacy however it was a number to the AARP Medicare number.
Get rid of coverage gap or donut hole.
It's more of an issue of the providers under UHC and some of the cost of medications.
There needs to be a better way to cover medication.
You could reduce my 20% copay on my surgery.
To get the device approved for the decompression surgery tomorrow of having the (unclear) device put in (unclear).
More explanation on the eyeglasses and the drugs.
Your prices are a bit high but some other insurances but totally okay with the service.
Explained that a diagnostic is different from a test better.
because of a 72 hour delay in processing.
Then they kept filing the claims under the old insurance.
Checked with Medicare to see if the (unclear) test was recommended and would be paid for within a year or 2 year period.
You got the best insurance.
However he was not able to give me the pharmaceutical information on the medication.
A decision made initially that would've prevented this entire confusion for your payment of (Unclear) Hospital.
Arrange for the shinglets vaccine to be available without prior authorization.
Paid for my medication.
Have supplies covered by your insurance.
This is my second call to Medicare regarding my prescription.
On my medical paperwork.
More direct contact regarding this medication that I initially was denied.
We are just waiting on a final verification for this medicine.
premium sheets premium sheets on the cost of the insurance.
The co pay on podiatry is too much.
A vision plan eye glass prescription is obviously not the same as an Optum Rx form.
Help me get a better price on my medicines.
I'm having difficulty with receiving a monthly bill for UHC services.
Sent the drug formulary automatically.
Given me a better price on drugs.
Make it easier to reach the prescription department.
The reason for the call was a comparison of prices for 2 medicines at 2 pharmacies.
having had made payments or setting up EFT.
You could reduce the price of my medication.
Cover my medication that was not on formulary.
in my opinion they're a simple prescriptions.
My frustration is the amount of deductibles that I'm still having to pay (unclear) part of the plan.
Well not understanding on this reorder forms to get medicine.
let us know when we make the payment for the deductible and what our obligation is.
Not appropriate way for an insurance to work.
(Unclear) to look for another insurance (unclear).
Inquiring about my purchase of medications.
Every year have the lenses be insured.
Except to change your policies on the tier prescriptions.
Given me information about my prescription.
sh with other people's medications just for the money.
I'm also confused about whether we chose the correct drug plan and we'll work on that with the new enrollment period.
10 for June 1st 2018 since my UHC plan is gonna be changed at this week of this month.
To cover a unit called a home med station which distributes your medication and has you take them correctly.
The initial representative needs some additional training or learning on distinguishing between the benefits offered under your (unclear).
medications would drastically increase after like five months of belonging.
Got my prescription cost down.
It just didn't cover a provider for insurance.
My prescriptions are so expensive.
A hundred and thirty eight for one that's not covered and on Social Security to pay for life sustaining prescriptions.
Disappointed that you're not giving the rewards for flue shots colon screening and breast screening.
There's a whole list of medications here on 4/18 4/19.
Zero premium and then just a small amount of the copays.
I guess the billing issues.
or since I've been on the program my bill fluctuates.
No the pharmacy is going to charge me for a Preventative Singles shot.
I'm not sure about the policy for there deductible for there labs.
I had surgery on out patient basis.
but it really is (unclear) 2 copays for 38 dollars a piece.
Help with my drug plan.
And I'm a senior citizen on a fixed income.
There's no time to get the refill process done and referrals are referrals.
Lower your prices in the tier 3's or lower your copay.
She verified that prescription (unclear) is in place and will be taken from Joey's Social Security check as an electronic ETF.
I needed a particular grade of compression stocking for after surgery and (unclear) code the (unclear) stockings are covered with the 30 to 40 millimeter stockings (unclear).
You could create a better way for billing for Irma because you discontinued one of your customers prescription drug program because of Irma.
You could cover cavities and fillings in your dental plan.
Identified exactly what the charges were for on A92702Y says it's a non covered item.
You could've given me a definitive answer on whether or not we require or you require a prior authorization on a talking glucometer and test strips.
for instance an EKG or for medical supplies.
So that my secondary insurance could pick up the claim.
Probably had more pharmacies available in.
not after the treatment.
Tell Congress to lower the drug prices.
Paid more on this bill that I'm receiving from dialysis because this copay once a month is extremely high.
We paid a premium for this insurance out of a bank account with Bank of America and you took it out of my personal checking account which is Farmer's Insurance Group Federal Credit Union.
Told me the hospital copay in advance.
And so my doctor and surgeon increased my liquid Morphine concentrate for the healing process.
April 30th of this year for reimbursement where I did pay them.
you know paying for my prescriptions and the customer service.
Shorter time to fill out forms for adjusting medication on a tier 3.
We reduced my cost in some cases.
Reduce tier for this medication either a 1 or a 2.
The medication is (unclear) and Chloride 10 milligram tablet.
Take the name AARP off your medicare cards.
Or do they charge different prices for the same medication?.
There was a problem with the claim original claim for two of the medicines.
Possibly have a larger benefit for the hearing aides.
The insurance is paying 80% and I'm supposed to pay 20%.
it's very expensive to buy the non generic form of my medication.
Which is (unclear) and the generic form is (unclear) and that isn't in your formulary yet.
Our total bill should be 83 dollars a month.
Just explain the insurance on reaching the gap.
my medicine was a 212.
The improvement recommendation would be to reduce the time.
I'm disappointed that my prescription won't be covered by your insurance plan.
I guess to include a discount on eye wear percentages off of the actual plan.
like the donut hole and that.
Don't have such a high copayment.
Verify what my amount would be based upon the information I was given from the pharmacy.
Have a clearer answer to my question about the application asking for previous drug coverage.
Who gives some eye glass benefit every 2 years.
If they make a prescription.
it's going up at certain points of my insurance.
Just trying to get information about a new drug that was just approved by the FDA on Thursday.
However I would've liked more information on alternate prescription plans when the enrollment period was offered in December between October and December.
Not to raise our premiums our monthly premiums on our part D with Walgreens.
To know the exact amount of coverage I have.
the eyeglasses should be covered not just the examination.
Paid for the medication without prior authorization.
Decrease the prices of office visits to the specialist because I'm on a fixed low income.
Coverage for acupuncture would be appreciated.
Immediate transferal from electronic to live person since the categories mentioned were not covered for my problem.
My prescription was supposed to be for a 90 day refill.
(Unclear) notice (unclear) of the enrollment penalty.
Quicker access to my patient benefits.
It would be helpful if laser treatment were covered in our policy.
Make financial assistance for expensive tier 4 drugs easier to qualify for.
Followed up on my first request for requesting a approved dental list in my area.
I was looking for my (unclear) monthly prescription drug summary and the medical and the hospital claims processed OK.
I wanted the cost of a new drug I'm taking.
It's just not covered by insurance.
It could've been a zero copay instead of a $47 copay to get the single shot.
Pay my doctor bill.
The prices could be lower for the prescriptions.
It's keeping me from making my mortgage payment.
Lower the out of pocket cost when you hit the donut hole.
You could cover more drugs.
not a power wheelchair and power scooter.
You deleted drugs from the coverage you had last year.
Is with prior authorization saving more than 2 dollars on a 50 dollar medication that's generic topical.
Cover my out of state insurance claim.
Your insurance is new with me this year.
I wish the prices were lower on these tier 3 and 4 medications.
My medication reached the gap after 2 prescriptions.
Lower my co-payment on my strips for my diabetes.
and I have the code for the injection and the procedure would cost.
They would not take your insurance.
I'm on disability and it's 20 percent of my disability cost.
To accept the drugs that are prescribed by the doctor.
You denied the cancer drugs.
I'm concerned with the dental benefits have to be reinstated and uninstated in order not to incur monthly charges that are not being used.
Had a bigger maximum benefit for the procedure done.
Offer a plan that helps you (unclear) dentures and (unclear).
(Unclear) from the customers what they would like to see in the upcoming renewal of the insurance that will give us additional availability for other types of medicines like (unclear) medicines.
Provide the blood pressure meters portable blood pressure machines.
(Unclear) be a better option as to what is the best solution to his medication.
Like for instance lesser paying out for the same medication whether it's a different brand or not.
You could've had more more medication on your drug list.
It was previous calls where I had issues with prescriptions and pre authorizations.
Have a doctor quit giving prescriptions (unclear) medicine.
She explained the other options of payment and solved my issue on the balance on my husbands account.
for my mom with no benefit payment.
Such as any kind of supplemental plan (unclear).
Give me extra care with my physical condition.
And the insurance would not cover it.
Provide a better dental (unclear) package would be great.
This is regarding prescriptions.
Y'all could try to drop the prices of these medications.
The error was made with the previous call that I didn't receive the new health card with the new primary doctors name.
Better explanation about the cost of medication.
The copay to the physical therapy would have been less than $35.
Just pay more than the co pay.
Have more doctors in my area under my plan and not charge a consultation fee on top of your $50 specialist fee.
you know my pending medical claims.
Some co payments for my open heart surgery that occurred on April 6th.
Made it easier to find immunizations.
To have less expenses on medication and also to help cover a (unclear) cleaner.
Have a list of diabetic medication.
The coverage for the Shingrex vaccine at $138.
And the loop would only take you to annual physical not to breast cancer screening.
No co pays for chiropractic care.
(Unclear) to complete (unclear) don't prescribe pills.
Have my prescription covered 'cause it doesn't.
The lady in pharmacy updated me on my medication.
Kept me on A and B insurance.
And she's very efficient very knowledgeable with everything offered went boom boom boom 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and then we discussed deductible and other things of the summary of benefits.
Lower the price of medication co pays.
Better coverage for the new shingles vaccine shot.
be reimbursed for glasses after cataract surgery rather than having it sent in by a provider.
Contact lenses were also covered on a biannual basis but the lenses only last one year so we're left without coverage for a second year.
(Unclear) no prescription information provided operator confused about ordering and pricing of drug information.
Could lower the cost of ordering co-pays on my prescription.
Maybe double check with the doctor as to the number of refills they ordered.
They only ordered 1 month supply.
(Unclear) my Hepatitis shot.
wasn't aware of the 2000 deductible.
Straight from the plan for lab fees and facility fees.
Make the drug a whole lot cheaper.
It's the price of the medication my Nexium.
Tell me when patient claims.
Not delayed my (unclear) healthcare.
Make clear changes in the plan from year to year.
There giving out the wrong information to patients.
Especially since ours went up 25% our prescription plan.
And not holding such tight reigns on the medications that a patient requires year after year after year and still having to go through the prior authorization stages.
The options on describing your needs are not very inclusive.
Increase the benefits of my insurance plan.
To have a lower cost medicine.
(unclear) dollars for the eye drops for cataracts.
Explained about the tier 3 payment that you have to make when a drug that expensive.
they're rotten with their prescription plan.
Approved my medication right away.
Had more choices in the reward program.
Oh and rescheduling my colonoscopy.
To include the drug (unclear) in the formulary.
It only gives you an option of 1 time or every 3 months.
This particular drug is generally given every 6 months.
Reduce my prescription cost (unclear).
Had the actual cost for my portion of an upcoming surgery.
Lower deductible on the medicine thank you.
I (unclear) payments one payment the wrong payment went to supplement and the other payment the supplement payment went to the Rx.
The prescriptions were not delivered and the prescriptions were not approved.
And my drug cost 8.
Explain in detail the dates of coverage for people that might (unclear) the LEP for insurances because of their age.
Offer me free insurance for the rest of the year.
You could've covered more of the drugs and paid a little bit more for the regular or the brand drugs.
Yet they'll pay for the hospital bills and other drugs.
Need coverage for Orthodisc and knee injections.
He answered all my questions and suggested a new PCP as far as the amount of dental platinum program.
Such as drugs received during a hospital stay.
It says definition out of pocket costs does not include non part D drugs.
Such as drugs you received during a hospital stay.
The copays and deductibles are just way too much.
Covered more of my dental plan.
Paid more of my prescription.
Clarify the process for vacation medication.
The service you have through the internet is good for refilling the medication by Optum Rx.
Eliminate the doughnut hole for next year.
Not denied the medication aspect of my surgery.
I was attempting to obtain a blood pressure monitor.
Not charged a copay of fifty dollars at time of lab work.
The amount due it less than my copay.
My copay was $50.
and I've spend probably eight to nine hours longer or longer on the phone calling all these doctors.
Explained the plan a little better for diabetic supply.
It would be better if the optical benefit would be on the AARP Medicare Complete card.
You could've allowed me to change my wellness check from December to June or July.
A cheaper price on one of the prescriptions that I wanted.
I have had many problems ordering with the your catalog of free medicines.
Explained to me why my sister in law gets the same medication in Ireland with the same UHC.
Fewer transfers between operators and a quicker response for simply filling prescriptions refilling prescriptions.
Get everybody on the same page as far as prescription prices with Optum Rx.
So that would be my only suggestion that you alter your plan to enable the rewards system to be based on claims that are placed by providers.
Made me eligible to get cheaper medicine.
And have these doctors stop charging dual dual charges.
Lower the prices of the blood pressure cuffs in aisle product catalog.
Trying to renew my prescriptions.
Provided information on additional insurance to cover co pays.
Less transferring of one person to another.
It's been communicated that it's per calendar year but in the benefits booklet it says per 12 month period.
Gotten my medication OK.
It's just the expensive and the cost of the medicine itself.
It was a drug that was transferred into a prior authorization for this year.
Help me with my prescriptions out of pocket.
You need to get the drug costs down.
for example you do not cover 20% of the specialist cost.
For example a cardiogram which will cost me 20% of the specialist cost.
Get my prescription cost at a lower price even though I'm in the donut hole.
Give me my medicine.
Pay for all my medicines.
Improve the referral system to keep the patient out of the loop.
But I want supplement plan.
Approved the medication I need on a formulary.
Clarified the difference between the wellness visit and an annual check up.
The problem is in your coverage requirements (unclear) quote unquote medications.
It was a short call regarding my premiums with Amanda.
Tequila handled my requests for the colorectal screening test.
it's not a change in a drug.
It's a change in the way the drug is charged.
And a copay for a specialist on Medicare plan 2.
You could've kept your word as to my dental premiums.
Try and get the inhalers at a level of 1 or 2.
I see Shingrex the new shingles shots are.
You could have increased a little bit of the coverage your covering on the dental expenses.
Paid the bill for me.
Copay of pharmacy for certain drugs.
I'm just concerned about the high price of the insulin.
I just waiting for my results for the payment of the hospital.
And also a Mercy respiratory bill that was did not have a full explanation of the cost.
Such as saying four oh five for the deductible versus $405.
Yes can lower the ER payments.
Have a prescription company that actually sends the product when they're needed.
Which would be $35 for my therapy.
On your call for the Medicare RX or Walgreens it says to put in the.
But basic knowledge of tiers should be training for your insurance 101.
Pay for my dental treatment.
And that was some information concerning my coverage for physical therapy.
2 or 3 times a month for 24 months.
well against my Medicare card in the name of a 3rd party.
I called to ask the cost of a procedure.
That's why the cost of our premiums are raised up.
how we're increasing meds on elders when they're on a fixed income.
this whole increase on the meds.
coverage is not enough and it's too expensive.
Maybe an explanation on these forms that are sent back to us from UHC especially in the area of denied claims.
We're starting the new insurance on the 1st of June and I've not received his card yet.
You all don't have any preventative measures that a specialist can provide to the patient without paying a deductible.
Pay more of my bills.
Getting my orders prescriptions filled new member.
no longer covered with Medicare and prescriptions.
Just bring the prices down on medication.
But the system on the computer in the web does not provide that it gives only the medical and will not provide the prescription drug EOB and that's an issue for the technical team to follow up on.
It's a very expensive medication.
or excuse me cataract surgery.
Giving me more options with my out of pocket costs with my prescription drug with Medicare.
So I wish you had the pens and the diabetic medicine in tier 1 and 2.
Can we have another mail order home delivery company that will lower the medication price.
And I owe $134 a month for a part B premium that was the first call.
Just help control this process on these drugs.
Better coverage on some of the existing medical equipment.
that have this kind of surgery.
Provide specific cost of drug.
You could offer the new shingles vaccine (unclear) at a cheaper price.
Just lower the price on the inhalers and the singulars so people can afford them.
You have unreasonable rates for a simple blood test.
it's a simple test this is not a comprehensive blood test.
Pay for the vaccine.
It says the deductible does not apply to the services listed below.
To help people with the help they receive in money to buy medicines without prescriptions.
Give me the facility's fee for a surgical procedure thank you.
Probably instruct the members to use the correct terminology for making a doctor appointment.
Make it easier to look up types of doctors on my plan.
Reduce the amount of the copay on the cataract surgery.
Make sure my drugs are covered.
Lower the specialist cost to go to the specialist the prices.
(Unclear) after I received a denial of payment notice from (unclear) medication during a heart procedure.
there was a prescription which involved another organization.
tier 1 and the (unclear) by itself is a tier 2 drug with a 6 dollar copay.
I was attempting to change the deductions for both Medicare Supplemental and Medicare Rx.
Trying to resolve a problem of delivery of medication by a pharmacy.
Pharmacy claims that they delivered the medication to me.
Maybe lower the premium to give me more money.
My only concern is the premiums.
Just have lower cost for prescriptions.
There should be information available regarding the pricing of the prescription drugs which are tier three for a week or two before the person has purchased and as well as of the date of the call.
seems like new co-pay.
on the renewal plan but it has changed for out of the country medication.
You could stop putting medications like (unclear) on prior authorization for people over the age of 65.
24 for a 90 day supply and that was done at 8:30 AM.
It was for one particular doctor and for one doctor bill for an ear nose and throat doctor.
