Code the information properly in the first place.
It just had before the payment (unclear) post to the checking account.
She answered all my questions and I would recommend anybody to the Optum RX plan.
That's what you can improve your computer system.
You could have enrolled me in the silver sneaker program as of this date.
Not send me a letter about LEP without the right information.
your explanation of benefits letter that you send.
You could improve the automatic portion of your set up so that the first interface with UHC is more friendly.
Your connection between the pharmacy and customer service doesn't work very well.
Set it up so that all the customer service agents have the same information.
Mobile help I guess.
Resolve my issue using logic.
Cuz not everyone uses a computer.
I like the paperwork or a telephone.
did not accept my plan and some were not accepting new customer.
Not to use the computer to answer your machine.
Improve your website so I don't have to call.
I called the number to request a secure fax number.
The girl at your telephone number told me that I should call the number that appears on the back of my card which is 8778423210.
They ask you whether you're a member or some kind of an ID a tax ID number.
Especially when it's a number on the back of my card 8778423210 terrible.
I needed to prompt the customer service person for information.
or you know your insurance.
You have the best customer service in the world.
handled everything 100% to my satisfaction.
Handled the account beautifully.
Your employees need more information and better training.
Automated request could not understand person.
However you seem to be having some mechanical difficulties with your automatic answering system.
So Bravo to you and your customer service people.
It was the provider is not answering the phone.
Confirmed that my identity has the correct spelling.
prior authorization for me so.
You could educate your customer service people better.
She's an asset to your company.
Transfer me to customer service and get some service.
Mail my membership card on time.
(Unclear) customer service friendly and knowledgeable.
Your automated telephone service isn't quite flexible enough to answer certain questions.
That might've avoided using the customer service person.
Have the information more readily available to the staff.
And you also have my email address.
Keep account information on file (unclear) checking accounts.
Make the connection better.
Do something about the automatic phone system.
The dedicated line for sales for HP Inc evidently wasn't staffed by people dedicated to HP Inc or routed elsewhere.
Get my (unclear) doctor's address correct.
to get the information that I need.
A step above the best customer service experience I've had on the phone with any business at any time and her name is Melanie.
Processing HIPPA forms more quickly.
the Publix near the house or Walgreens near the house.
And you added an extra registration with a.
requires another username and another password.
somehow my computer has memorized the wrong password.
additional password and username.
She reached out to the billing department of the service provider.
Made the phone and more accessible.
The one thing you could've done better is (unclear) your automated voice system with your AI.
Your recording says we (unclear) world class customer service and we try to keep our plan simple.
Hi I was disconnected on my first incoming call.
This conversations number I asked her for it it is I126222701.
Somehow I could've (unclear) a number on my member ID.
It doesn't recognize my login.
most of the customer service representatives need to be retrained.
Not lose connection with the customer.
Get a new computer.
Have additional clarity as to the purpose of the call.
Send my payment premium on time.
They're an asset to your company.
Your (unclear) time needs more options.
Let you use your Social Security number to get your identification.
Pay your representatives more money because they do excellent work.
Mail out my bill before the eighth of May.
and if you mail it.
When you called in customer service was faster.
Eliminate the automatic answering machine.
Your automated phone system gives too many choices.
He's an asset to your company.
Have your website work faster.
to get the address if people need to pay their bill online.
we had some trouble finding the right telephone address for the computer.
Been able to reach my PCP.
I guess to get some periodic information as to the standing of your deductible.
45 minutes on the phone.
Have a up to date list of your agents and where they are located at.
For us for me to get an automatic email notifying me when electronic fund transfer has been made.
No one actually likes (unclear) their check number over the phone.
Your help desk is terrible.
I'm getting great customer service from the people that answer the phones.
Transfer me to customer service.
Appreciate who you hire.
I cannot log into the new system.
Add my reward so that I am included in all of the renew reward program or all of the renew rewards.
Make you have an option to make the payment with check on your automatic phone system.
Just in order to use a checking account.
Not use (unclear) not an automated service to being with.
Transfer me to a representative please.
your service has improved so very much over the years.
Explain this issue at the beginning of my contract.
I would like more information general information.
the sound quality on the call with the supervisor interview it was very difficult to hear him.
I have no complaints about the representative or the company.
It's your website I have a problem with.
Your answering services works very well.
Your automated answering process is not helpful.
Change the music on your hold button.
They gave me wrong phone numbers.
Make my observation cheaper.
Have no problem with making a phone payment at all.
Cut down on the wait time to talk to a representative.
Your programs need to know how to program.
It doesn't accept my password.
Have a better communicating service and didn't break up.
Given me more complete information on one subject.
Later they will add more and I'll receive that by mail.
Keep talking about your referral system.
Add more doctors to your list.
Have your employees more knowledgeable in regards to Optum Rx.
Send me a booklet.
Get transferred and have a call dropped.
Been more precise with the mailing and general information.
my Social Security card.
Your website does not show all claims just the group number changes during the year.
For your information if you want to know.
Send me a referral straight without checking with my doctor.
Excellent customer service again no complaints thank you.
All the customer service (unclear) should have better knowledge.
Less time to get the information.
The problem is not with your customer service reps UHC it's whoever set up this webpage to get a new password.
Not even with the automated system.
I cannot see any room for improvement on my particular service today.
You must have an office there.
That person never got my correct date of birth.
I think the automated system when you ask for a representative.
And stop asking all the questions through the automated system.
that would accept our program.
have a call made to me.
Your phone tree in order.
Have your provider list more current.
according to your representative there my payment should've been $634.
Crystal your representative took.
I wanted to complete a customer survey after the last call.
These computerized questionnaires take way too long.
Gave me the confirmation number.
Explained when it would hit my debit card.
You probably used SAP for your system optimizations.
See if you can establish a code instead of a birth date.
Have Oklahoma be included in the passport.
Couldn't find provider.
not operator but that program thing or that.
Put the people that answer the phone in a quieter room.
Excellent professional service and I have no improvement to make.
Change my due date for billing.
There is a problem in terms of uneven quality of customer service thank you.
Enable two peoples two members to use the same email address.
You could have given all the information needed in the denial of payment.
Found the information more quickly.
Give me the information.
Other wise customer service agent (unclear) does a great job.
You have a good customer service person in this lady.
Send me a booklet of the different facilities in the (unclear) area.
There's not enough time but mainly to have the proper correct phone numbers to reach the certain departments instead of being dropped into a tier without notice.
It's not the customer service person it's the program.
No EOB sheets are located on the website.
Allow change of address on website.
So it's a matter of providing them the information they need in order to reach a decision about late enrollment penalty.
Make my payment lower.
So that I can make the corrections with the user and password names.
Don't send me Optum Rx information that I'm not.
Just need to make sure who services Nevada Las Vegas Henderson area.
Have your robo call answering machine do a better job.
The people at the dental phone number.
Or if you get a 90 day supply it's zero.
At 90 days if you go to the mail order system.
If I go through the mail order it's zero.
Get your computer to recognize the numbers better.
Left a message with a phone number.
I can't enter ten on my phone.
do not have the intellectual or the cognitive.
you provide an EOB once a month.
Your automatic whatever would not accept my telephone number.
Found my account quicker.
Make it easier to speak to a representative.
Have if home house calls in home appointment is scheduled.
Would please ask them to leave their phone number next time.
Get my new card with my doctor's name on it.
Supply me with the number prior too.
And the communication between the customer client and the people that is helping you except for today.
(Unclear) or do I inquiry to mail to.
Send the form originally requested in February.
Send me more information about UHC.
Have easier contact to people instead of an automated machine.
The representative could not reset my password and technical support is not open today.
I'm having difficulty signing on to the website.
Just give a better information on people that are in network.
So there needs to be some way for your company to assist people with low income.
Connect to customer service a little bit faster.
with the people that sent me the equipment and stuff.
Doesn't mean that the IPA that you have allows it.
(Unclear) I like your business.
to co payment that comes out of pocket.
Be better prepared to answer your customer's questions.
We could not see the deductible amount on the website.
Perhaps email the URL for access to the information we discussed.
I use minutes on my phone.
It's your website the difficulty of making the change.
You need to improve your website.
All though he is listed as a provider on your website.
I'm calling just to comment on the excellent customer service we received from LaToya today.
Let us know in advance what we need in terms of authorization to (unclear).
I praise Denise and your whole calling service for customers.
I could not finish my health assessment on the phone with the animated service.
Maybe have the telephone numbers for my providers like Quest Diagnostics readily available for the service customer.
I don't like automated systems.
Have the right member ID on my account.
for somebody to answer the phone.
Your referral authorization is difficult to get.
So I have a very high recommendation of your services and your good response.
Just had a friendlier phone service.
The automated service when you first call is not very good.
Because your customer service is so good.
Get me to a service agent quicker.
Connected me directly to a person.
Repeat back the bank account number and routing number so to be certain we don't leave out a digit or put in an extra digit.
Send the package to the right address.
To do out of network referrals.
Provide a phone number that's easy to access.
Improved the automated person on the phone.
I cannot order over the internet.
It's just the phone number of my doctor was incorrect.
Change the automated message that says I don't have coverage which I've reported at least five times.
He's very efficient and prompt.
She gave me the number and also ordered a new ID card.
Alexis the customer service agent has to be one of your top agents.
Explained to the provider for a didn't understand the network.
Takes too long to get to a customer service person.
The communication with the house calls program could've been faster and more reliable.
He's an asset to your company.
Your system is not good for your client.
Please send me more my prescriptions on my pin needles my Insulin.
It's fine the customer service representative.
The customer service personnel answered probably within 15 seconds.
Had trouble with your actuated system.
The phones need to have better connection.
And plus your company needs to sent out some written information explaining what Tiers are.
Or I can fill out reward forms.
Both the online service and the phone service are clumsy in their management.
Your automated voice response system could be a lot more responsive.
Have a representative who's easy to understand on the phone.
We want to know more about the medical library and the press 4 and the 3 digit PIN number and what's going on there.
Have a website that operates more effectively and efficiently so telephone calls are not required.
Have no computer conversations like this survey.
So if you could please get your billing department to use the proper information.
Taken care of my electronic phone cards.
comments to add at this point.
If you have any statements or concerns or give me a call back at 7194197696.
Get me the right doctor on my card.
Don't send my phone calls overseas.
No need to improve the system.
Because I had to enter my member ID number six or seven times.
Please follow up with communication either email or letter.
I don't see any room for improvement (unclear) phone conversation.
Make the website more friendly useable.
Had to reset all my passwords my ID member ID codes everything.
Maybe more representative or customer service to answer our call immediately rather than (unclear).
The online system is very difficult to try to find doctors within the network.
There should be improvements with accessing online information.
Connect me with my advocate.
Be able to make a decision at the time of the call.
So it's been nothing but top shelf customer service and that includes my very last call.
I had no problems using talking to your customer service representative.
I was taken to several departments and then directed to customer service and the call was dropped.
Your service is (unclear) with everything.
the information could have been provided in a more timely manner.
I do have a cancellation through the bank.
Stop disconnecting me.
Omnipod's waiting from you.
Set me an appointment up.
Have more information about late enrollment penalty.
lot of information to ingest and that's it.
Couldn't ask for better service.
You need to have a very quick turnaround time with a customer member ID number.
You need to have that number available.
Improve your computer generated calls to get to a customer service advocate.
Send me a directory of physicians to my address P.
Have the number available to the customer for faxing feedback for authorization.
Explain in detail about referral services.
Also maybe reduce the tier 3 4 and 5 of which I'm paying full price.
Yeah the service should.
in your survey you said this call and those in 6 months okay.
these are serious problems both with your website and privacy issues and what have you.
Be more specific in terms of what number they want me to call in regard to the cost for Truspan.
It doesn't give a specific number to call.
Dissatisfied with not having Quest in your network.
Use a live person to answer the phone instead of an automated system.
Unable to register without operator assistance.
Just give me more accurate information.
Your number is not available on the internet for this plan.
You don't display all your different plan customer service numbers.
They are not available when they are not displayed as access points from the internet.
Send the forms in a prompt fashion.
You could update your web site.
Make sure that the correct mailing address is on the package.
Expedite returning refund checks.
So 6023157920 if you get that information.
Make your scale at the highest point completely satisfied one digit.
Please help me.
I have such a stack of bills and statements and Explanations of Benefits.
Get online services access for the members to look up information on.
Please update your website for providers and other information the doctors' on your provider list they say that shows their excepting this plan.
and having your program or your.
You could have a call center inside the United States.
She gave excellent customer service.
Got all my information.
I need a personal representative at all times.
I asked for an operator a representative.
Have an agent answer the phone.
And the customer service was a great help but if you update your website that would help solve the problem.
I could understand the operator or the customer service representative.
Make it easier to get past the automated system to a live customer service representative.
Changing my address and a clinic.
This information could have been mailed to me with my card.
Send me notification that I was being reenrolled in UHC.
Make your web page more friendly.
Actually your service is always prompt and excellent.
Have the online sign up password thing straightened out.
I was on the phone with customer service and tech support for hour and a half.
Help me to get pre authorization started.
Accept my claim form and not deny it.
Your customer service reps are trained excellently.
Let your members talk with your accounting department when there is a problem.
All members do not have Internet capability.
You could've notified me maybe you did that my password process for both UHC's main site and Optum Rx were combined into one new password safe password.
UHC could have used my correct mailing address in sending over information to the Silver Sneakers division.
UHC used to use my correct mailing address all the time.
You could answer the phones more efficiently.
Clear and direct service and that's what I liked.
Have operators answer the phone that are easier to understand.
A quicker decision on my examination for a cat scan.
Offered to send a copy of the grievance.
Make the information more available.
too confusing about ID numbers.
She's an asset to your company.
I would say clearer reception over the phone.
the payment my premium was going to be deducted from my bank account generally on the fifth of the month.
You guys have the most awesome customer service agents.
Representative answered the phone before the survey.
understand the expressions and understand the system fully and how things work in the US.
And do name and date of birth and you know to verify it.
and that's what makes your company or breaks your company.
with the finding out information where to go to get an eye exam.
Just take care of the items requested.
Your automatic voicemail stinks.
you know my payment through.
You lose your customer.
Yes I spoke to 2 customer service reps.
Excellent employees thank you.
Have a direct line to you Optum Rx system rather than going through two phone calls to get to answer the questions.
Be more prompt on your mailings.
should be sending out notices that upset the customers when the payments have been.
the letter says it's overdue.
your written correspondence needs to be made much clearer.
To answer the phone.
Make it easy to get connected to a representative.
More information on your website as to specific providers.
Give me the name of my agent or a way to contact them.
or not Verizon.
Send me a new bill.
And yet the answering system that you have insisted that I provide a member number.
Better training on the part of your employees.
You can help by lowering the gas cost.
You cannot improve any service.
So maybe if your agents if you can boost the volume on your system.
They need to adjust my rent.
It's all in the wording of the insurance policy for information and stuff that we do.
Provide me with providers for this area.
I have a billing code.
This billing code means nothing to me.
Provide me with the correct website in the very beginning.
The telephone answering automatic answering service sucks.
To do a better job when the customers call.
Had a clearer communication or sound device.
This year you go on you service fees.
But I wasn't given the correct information from your office nor the doctor's office.
The payment was made a month ago and it's not (unclear) online account though it is in your system.
Issued a check in a more timely manner.
I've given my membership ID number.
Your services are wonderful and excellent.
Just able to provide directories that are outside the region that you're card gives you.
The transfer to a specialized rep didn't work and the call dropped so check the automated system I guess for whether it's always connecting the call.
we covered a fair number of items.
The wrong phone number was entered.
the recording you get when you call the company.
You can keep track of PCP's.
However your information on your website and over the phone needs really needs some work done on it.
slide me a cup of tea through the phone line.
Leave a more clearer message when you leave a message when you call the patient.
You can call me back at 4054138974.
So if some form of written confirmation or emailed confirmation would be helpful.
Send yearly statements out with the book.
Make it easier to change my mailing address.
Get me to the right telephone number.
I spent one and a half hours being transferred to no less than 6 different extensions and phone numbers.
Got us information for us and was able to help us with our log in.
or solved my issue.
The customer representative that I talked to needs an extensive training on the issues related to your business and how to deal with the customers.
Be sure to fix your answering machine.
Your answering service better improve.
Just better service better facilities.
You could have provided more detailed information on the submittal of claims.
Rochelle gave me quality customer service.
Be more informative with your answer responses.
for a service and the bill wasn't sent correctly.
Your rating scale directions are very confusing.
A better telephone connection but I understand.
Keep Emanuel on your record of employees.
You changed the website recently.
It worked prior to you changing the website.
100 on a scale of customer service.
Your (unclear) your in network (unclear) in network and the insurance in network it's very complex and very disorganized.
Make sure the person (unclear) to give the name and extension number.
I feel the company is 100% accurate.
Have a search thing on your website.
It switched over to the survey line.
Provide me with a general directory not just one at my very local area.
Fix your billing system in your computer.
Connect me to the right extension.
You filled all my requirements.
The website easier to maneuver on the website.
Your automated system does not work well.
I have a local number for my doctor and a local number for the state office and that's it.
Customer service personnel very noisy background.
she's not the sales rep.
The information on your website could be better organized.
Make the payments cheaper.
Mail the statement correctly the first time.
You could've had a shorter phone tree.
Made the code information more accessible to the person helping me.
Answer your phone properly.
Automated telephone systems all stink.
If you have any questions give me a call at 7139061196.
You have an excellent customer service rep.
Verified the address and phone number to make sure he was giving me the correct information.
Called the vision plan customer service area and an email hopefully has been sent to me with that claim form that I am requesting.
Customer service needs to listen or ask questions as to what the specific request is from the customer.
And apparently that's not available with the automatic payment services.
If the website doesn't update their payment history under the payment history the monthly bill would be listed but it is for the month of March April and not May isn't listed yet.
You could have a different automated service in the beginning.
Explain better out of network versus in network.
We were not notified you sent a new card.
And the login system isn't working.
Upgrade your information on your computers.
and Optum RX should instruct the representative.
Provided me with an process for the doctor's authorization as to who to send it to to order the durable equipment.
You could've made your online information more easy to access and more understandable.
Just probably get the drug company on the phone.
My goodness unless it were profitable for the company and beneficial to expand your service to 24 hours a day.
You could probably send both Janice and David Curry the two account two separate bills at the same time.
If you have any questions need any further feedback please feel free to call me at 6024371305.
Other than that on your customer service this call it was excellent.
Have the information on the website.
You could have more options on your formulary.
You could lower my co payment.
Make it easier to get to the person that I needed for the particular assistance.
The company needs a toll free fax number or an email address where general information can be sent such as power of attorneys.
Just your automated service needs to be a little bit better.
Have more accurate records on doctors' phone numbers and availability.
My phone number is 6782940235 and I do need some help from UHC customer service.
You can allow more time for people to enter the numbers on prescription numbers or that's all.
Valuable to have an employee who (unclear) customer.
Maybe a little faster entering the information into your computer system.
Improve your menu on your voice recording.
Get to an operator sooner.
The customer service person gave me that exact information.
You need to compile more out of the area coverage doctors or update your listings.
She gave me good customer service.
Get rid of the automated answering service.
I didn't get connected to Bank of America human resources.
You really need to update your provider directory.
Find the specific information I needed.
Sound out no renew rewards information hard copy paper snail mail to members.
The main number for getting into UHC.
Anybody can call on the phone.
information that was given to us by John.
Y'all (unclear) customer service (unclear) excellent job.
Not have me provide my Social Security number.
You could've had better communications between your departments.
Have customer assistance or customer reps not lie for you all.
You could lower your prices on your tier threes.
give you the option.
I put in April 14 2018 instead of May 14 2018.
do not pay.
an incorrect number and to call a different number and the two different.
Get my member number correctly.
Your press one press two give me your medical member number before you can speak to a rep.
Duplicating information from the automated to the rep is sometimes annoying.
to always repeat information from one.
Need to fix your automated survey system with your scoring.
The automated system that asks questions had problems understanding my ID number and what my question was for the day.
Not disconnect my transfer.
Very happy with the response and the information and the courteousness of the customer service rep.
Then something about a plan that y'all have a gift card or update card.
The website needed to be updated and correct corrected for my account.
That would speed up the process and improve service (unclear).
None of your groups communicate with each other or share information.
I have been routed through 5 different persons of your company.
Previous agent in February didn't complete my request for automatic withdraw.
More information on if your if you mess us with your password and trying to find out how long it takes to reset or if it can be reset.
Give me the right number for customer service.
This is a second request phone call.
Addressed my concerns with more entity.
On 5/9 with your agent April.
Be more knowledgeable of questions.
Having shorter wait time on answering phone calls.
You could put Optum Rx telephone number on the forms.
Have a call back choice for long waits.
May 14th (unclear) makes a payment through June.
If you have any questions you can call me at 3472058885.
Just make sure that the telephone operator knows the program.
Got the email to click on to finish registration.
You need to get your websites all streamlined.
Please put your phone number on the bottles.
Computer access to check availability of service.
Your computer system was down so the representative couldn't update my friendly peer (unclear) retroactively.
Have a more knowledgeable person on the other end of the phone.
Credited my payments properly.
Have your system up to date before people stated calling.
Have somebody answer the phone.
You have great customer service.
Make sure that the website is up and working.
Do some serious work in upgrading your whatever to your automated system.
To make sure your computer system works properly.
He did have to take time to search for the correct answer and possibly making the search capability for your customer reps easier.
Send your sales person out to do that please.
maybe an easier way to look up services.
Correct your interactive telephone service.
I am frustrated with the lack of user friendly database.
I'm either in network out of network.
Could've set up an automatic pay with the date that I selected rather than the date that you (unclear).
Switch me to the right party.
And telephone call answered immediately.
You get service from your company.
Have the information on hand.
Sending brochures with different plans requested.
You need to do a better job of using the passport since your members often are not in the same place year round.
Should never spend over 3 hours on the phone.
But I used your phone number Medicare complete.
some new information that you needed on my wife's account.
Your claims department truly sucks.
Totally cancel your automated telephone system.
You have the best customer service of any other company I've ever spoken to.
Get information to me faster.
Ma'am I would like to speak to a representative to set up a payment arrangement.
Very good customer service that I received today.
Computer telling where to direct you and a computer telling you everything.
She's an asset to your institution.
She's an asset to your institution.
Answered my questions directly without having to get into claims analysis.
Take American Express as a form of payment.
It should be the $13 copay.
The wait time on the telephone number that was listed on the back of my card was longer than 20 minutes 2 different times.
on my the number on my card.
the service costs $100.
sending me a provider directory.
Have a knowledgeable person answer the phone.
Best customer service I've had in a while.
Have a little quicker response from your telephone answerer.
Have your representative understand the questions quicker.
I have difficulty with your automated system.
Need to update your website with available doctors within the system.
Check out your music while waiting.
Having the price information that I need.
Problem with connecting to customer service.
There should be a (unclear) window to connect to the customer service.
If a patient asks for a customer service you need to connect it.
Just give new customers access to the website sooner than the day that they're enrolled.
But it would be nice if the treatment facility gave you information distinct information on the billing code.
It's kind of redundant as far as the information that you enter in with the computer.
Well I don't know a membership and information.
And we're happy with your insurance and we appreciate the fact that you offer passport.
or having additional extra services.
I would have like to have got a little more information about the new changes that were made on the logging and with the new advantage plan.
like a visa credit card for that amount.
Had the information I need more available.
I entered my member ID number and my date of birth.
Be a little more flexible on the annual visit.
My my set up is for one year for the annual visit.
Have your computers working better.
Send my card (unclear) to the doctor.
Quicker way of looking up information in your computer system to coincide with the written statement and question regarding the account that I was calling in about.
Stop calling my number delete my number.
Direct me to an agent.
Let me speak to a customer service person.
I'm sorry excellent customer service or people service.
You could've alerted us to your changes of the sign in procedure rather than have to go through all this rigmarole.
Yes (unclear) four pages of paper saying that the notice of denial of payment.
Just make sure the bills are paid.
make sure you paid the providers.
Replace it with AMAC.
I was asking about the rewards the renew rewards plan.
There could have been a little extra time to enter the member ID number.
Get your records straight.
She's an asset to your company.
Yes to have all information readily available.
Appreciate your help all the time.
Had access to podiatrists' phone numbers in my area more quickly.
Have your departments coordinate things like between complete service and supplement.
I'm (unclear) $225 which is $60 less than you as the secondary (unclear) pay $275 and I pay $225.
that the correct solution that I need.
Have a live operator answering the phone instead of a machine.
Great services you have.
Thank you but bring your lists up to date.
Just simply being removed from the mailing list.
Hire a real person to answer the phone.
(Unclear) our identity cards arrived without a delay.
I am calling on behalf of ID number XXX.
You have the best customer service.
You could have had a centrally located area where you have all of the notes from the various departments that are dealing with the providers in one place.
Representative should have been more knowledgeable about the premium due and the balance on the account.
You guys provided excellent customer service.
Combine my husband's and my accounts.
You need an automated system.
I consider this unacceptable that technical support will only help with the login.
Your CIO does not understand technology that's the issue.
Talk to an agent and the catalogue.
medical catalogue department to order free products thank you.
Send out a provider directory when I requested it in January.
You have excellent customer service.
Be able to set up the account by email account online.
Live person answered the phone.
My bank sends you the money every month.
You have terrible customer service.
I highly recommend her taking all your phone calls.
I give her an excellent care on the telephone.
Have a more knowledgeable consultant on the line.
Put a speaking representative on the phone before the survey.
Make it easier to contact a representative.
Shorten the amount of time when asked to talk to the answering machine.
We received our monthly statements at our current address.
Your automation is fantastic.
my drivers license renewed.
with your help with us.
Maybe simplify or improve your voice message recognition system.
so the provider and (unclear) that they had sent the bill to the incorrect office to be paid.
Slightly shorter wait for getting the information.
Get rid of your audio instructions and stop dropping calls.
come to an answer and resolution to my questions.
So I couldn't connect to the link of doctors.
Eye facility in (unclear) Ophthalmologist in (unclear) New Jersey and their number is 8484449800 and this is a dispute and the account number is XXX.
Working with him and he helped take care of my changing my information to the doctors address and telephone number.
You can't improve the service.
Make sure that each customer service representative was aware of the same information that the next customer service representative asks.
This company is totally not sharing information between departments.
It's these d** calls telemarketer calls advertising your products.
You could pay my total bill.
But (unclear) thousand (unclear) numbers (unclear) customer service.
You could email the papers that we need instead of putting them in the mail for 7 to 10 days.
The bills should be sent according to the updating of the account in real time.
You need to find the phone call.
You could've sent out the correct paperwork.
you know transfer.
Provide more information on the items listed.
More appropriate notification on eligibility and lack of eligibility.
Get me to a representative in the United States.
Don't need any extra information from me.
My issue today was resolved in confirming my recent payment.
Verify the spelling of the drugs.
And the correct information was presented in a timely manner.
It's not under the network providers.
Have a better phone connection.
Try to help their member.
nothing regarding the phone call.
with the result of my phone call.
Formulary could use some help.
This was my fifth call to your office.
one being put on hold for a very long time and number two not being able to access the supply catalog for two to three weeks.
Can't make any suggestions for improvement.
It said I received this enrollment letter and acknowledgement and welcome letter with my ticket or plans card.
You need to decrease the time it takes to get to customer service.
The lady today upon answering my call she asked for my member ID number.
Update y'alls system as far as who qualify for services and what services they qualify for.
Update your references on the doctors on the computer.
I recommend your company to everybody.
Great selection for your customet service department.
I love automated service.
But your service representative do excellent job.
First of all your computers weren't working.
Make the form clearer in the provider information box.
Make Internet access easier.
Your customer service is the best we've ever experienced and we appreciate it.
More customer service people like the one I spoke to.
The information given to me by other call centers was wrong.
The representative can send via email.
Y'all done 100% I'm 100% satisfied from your job order work.
Well I (unclear) customer service but the web page is not good.
Make it easier to get to an operator.
You have wonderful customer service people.
You have the best customer service available.
Help me pay a certain bill.
You have the best firm in the nation.
more up to date system on your computer system that I can.
explained to me how to use the plan.
On the request that I made there are 3 different billing codes that are numerical.
Give me (unclear) number (unclear) reimbursement.
(Unclear) transfer number for the reimbursement.
Follow through on a claim for equipment.
Make sure that you send a monthly statement of the plan itself.
all my information each time.
It isn't the personnel it's the prices.
Your telephone system stinks.
Not changed your (unclear) format.
You're just a robotic call center.
I love call the customer service line.
The shipper is shipping out my packages.
than your customer rep did.
Your automated system needs some technical work.
Today I was on the customer service line with Marlene her identification number is I-127332374.
Anybody in the claims department.
Your service is fine from the representative.
to be transferred to another representative.
Your system is weird.
Get your systems realigned together between the producers and the member services websites.
the claim goes through the system.
that I had to use Health Safe ID information.
The information you receive from the mail doesn't match.
when you call the office (unclear) is indicated in the computer.
the information stored in the computer.
Print out the Explanation of payment in a more concise manner instead of months running into one another.
a January a section for February a section for March which makes it easier to see what's being reimbursed.
Very good in skills in customer service.
We got my account changed to automatic payment.
And I'll be looking forward to hearing from you and getting more information now on the AA member advantages.
More definitive information could have been given.
I couldn't find the information on the website for a dentist.
You need to update your website (unclear) of a link in your provider questions dental.
transferring calls needs to be improved.
It was difficult to get to the customer service representative.
I've already paid for one on 4/24 or it went in the mail on 4/24/18.
All my answers were provided to me by the customer service rep.
(Unclear) and I think it's not only (unclear) service it's also quality service.
I'll call back tomorrow and during business hours.
I'm a customer and policy holder with your company.
Thank the managers and the sale representative and everyone that associated with this company.
It's the online access to my information and I'm actually filling out a survey there to further explain that.
Very efficient and took the payment over the phone.
you know a way to evaluate Valentina.
There should be an easy way to (unclear) customer service.
Have better information on operational procedures so that the customer understands with logic explanations given.
Could have gone right to a customer service rep instead of the automated part of it.
When you dial customer service you should have an option on the key pad to go straight to pharmacy for your mail order prescriptions.
She gave good customer service.
It brings more light to your company.
Make it easier to get to a representative.
Be able to update my husband's power of attorney over the phone.
Get rid of the automation system.
Fix your website so I can pay online.
Have nor received my bill.
Maybe email me a copy of a bill.
given me the prior auth.
Possibly get to a live operator quicker.
Be a little bit more familiar with the benefits offered by your plan.
Not interested in the complete review of my file and suggested services.
Connect with a representative more quickly than listening to the automated voice thing because this wasn't applicable.
Doing the research in the computer.
Contact me when there's a question about claims without my having to make the call.
Your phone your automatic phone system has a couple glitches in it.
Have the information that was needed which was not even accessible to your representative.
Direct me to the tech line.
get a new system that answers the phone in the beginning.
on my computer.
Have more providers in network.
Communicated with a supervisor and have the supervisor communicating with (unclear) and get a supervisor or manager in legal and have the problem resolved today.
how the billing occurs when this information is not.
Have better explanation about benefits.
Have my information readily available and correct.
Make sure that the survey for the employees kick in.
You can update the information as it is reported to you.
Right now I think your customer service is outstanding.
a complete list of provider that are connected to the insurance.
Go beyond just the telephone with your customers.
You have excellent customer service.
He (unclear) asset to your company.
Stayed online for a representative.
That's how you encourage better service and more business.
Have your customer service know the number.
Redo your answering automated system also.
Call later in the day around five o'clock.
Updated my primary provider to none.
Representative completed her duties with accuracy and skill.
The wait time for the customer service to do their research.
Why can't I access the system?.
So that would be my only recommendation look in to the Brevard county Florida area to investigate mobile handicap scooters.
Easier log on to the web site.
No problem with customer service just with wait times.
As always (unclear) the customer service is excellent.
Oh a little more efficiency in their knowledge of the benefits.
highly recommend her with anyone.
Give the option for a representative right away at the beginning of the call.
'Cause I'm switching in the process of switching banks.
Please get that fixed.
Have better timeframe pickup on a call.
She then transferred me to Optum customer service.
The ID number would not be accepted by the computer.
It could not accept my ID number.
a receipt showing that to turn in.
That's the best kind of customer service you can have.
part of your family and thank you.
And you're lucky to have her as a member of your customer service team.
And you have an excellent customer service person in whoever answered our request.
No waiting list to get.
Take care and enjoy your day.
There is a glitch with your doctor's names.
Just waiting on my card gift card.
Save me more money.
Continue hiring people that are knowledgeable in your company.
I'm having difficulty with the computer site.
Send me a voucher.
Sent the provider information to the email would've been great.
Trouble with your system following through getting all the information to the customer service rep.
They could have access to more information quicker.
My phone number was incorrect.
You were having technical difficulties over the phone and also the Internet.
to get an operator.
Make it easier to find things on your computer.
Get the right information and make the right changes.
complete courtesy and kindness and with sympathy.
Get your website working.
I had trouble with the service the customer service.
Your dental coverage department is not easy to access and to get information from.
As to how to fill out the reimbursement form.
Just needed some basic information about automatic withdrawal from checking account.
Less pre recorded message and easier access to talk to a person.
somewhere under the computer program.
Leaving the name of preferred customer on my answer (unclear).
One for $15 and one for $10.
Asked me my date of birth my membership number.
Simply reporting my physical.
It wouldn't accept my birth date.
You got 3 names on the membership card.
Straighten out your customer reps so they are knowledgeable and figure out something yourself.
Actually provided a separate membership card for the Optum fitness club that we're eligible for.
I guess we just use our own membership card and our new conformation number.
The service member's knowledge about the provider information is not good.
It does not recognize either my birth date or my member ID number.
You should hire knowledgeable people.
You need to improve your menu on the phone.
You need to check specifically what is in a person's insurance before giving out information.
Make the information more accessible to your representative's.
The automated system had my address listed wrong.
on month they're applying it to my husbands account and the next month they're applying it to my account.
Called customer service and they didn't know anything about the call so maybe a call back number when you call.
Your electronic machine that takes information it's horrible.
I was 100% satisfied with the very complete and detailed information from Haley.
Get rid of voice recognition for your customer support line.
She's send me the basic coverage information.
No suggestions for getting better keep up the great customer service and the information provided the person like myself on next steps.
Got rid of Optum RX.
or two different provider ID numbers.
You could improve it by a more speedy service.
Have not received the customer service.
Making it easier to use the phone to get into the account.
Overall it's great to have service by your company.
well the whole system should be simplified.
You can call me at 8604603760 Doctor Clair Gaudiani thank you.
The information I needed.
When you transfer a call.
Put a person on place of the computer.
The information she did not have available to her was the hours of operation of the provider line.
Gave me more information.
Send me information on what the fetch.
Using (unclear) Federal Services as your third party entry only allows me to listen to a recording as opposed to speaking to somebody regarding the part B enrollment late enrollment penalty.
8 minutes to answer the phone.
He's not your in network provider.
The customer service gal provided me with extra numbers and extra help.
Provide the correct information consistent information.
Update your records electronically in a timely fashion and stop wasting customers times when we're trying to call dentist's who are no longer in the plan.
take a little less time for them to get the information.
Greatly appreciate customer service today.
All she should do just whatever name and transfer to customer service.
Your nurse on the line (unclear) call outstanding.
The two calls to report to UHC or return the phone call.
I get a message a non working number.
Your selection to US Mail has been confirmed.
Level of frustration is oftentimes gotten from calling and automatically going to an answering service or a party outside the United States.
And I think that you should not use answering services outside the United States.
I can be reached at 9544830449 for any further questions.
I'm just looking for the address to Optum RX care network.
Make it a reward instead of giving them a gift card.
Today the call service is excellent (unclear) need to add but just my appreciation.
You need better telephone connections.
I need the reference number for this call.
the customer service person was.
You might need to improve your automated system.
please have everybody get on the same page.
Send out an EOB before I get my doctor statements.
your recording did not recognize my phone number.
You can get rid of all the stream of advertisements you have on one of your lines.
Your operators and your representatives are perfect.
And give good customer service.
Answer my phone call before sending me to the survey.
It should be easier to enter my ID number by using the touch pad keys.
with Sherrie around 3:30 was an excellent call made with UHC.
Perhaps providing a written answer to our questions and sent it off in an email for reference.
Train your representative or operator on the policy of your account.
Make my access to the web site consistent.
Stop making me go from one web site to another web site instead of recognizing my password.
I hate your web site.
call my advocate to.
Have been contact with transportation.
Used to you could call the number and get an automatic system to keep up with your prescriptions.
commend them and appreciate them.
Please call back tomorrow during normal business hours.
Find my financial records about deductible completion.
Phone numbers are not listed anywhere and unless you have to call the (unclear) phone number.
if I have an account.
Based on numbers that are supplied by Optum RX that don't go through to the right people.
So like calling the doctor to tell him to submit it with the right ID number.
You have to find a way to bring up providers based on cities.
(Unclear) more information for update information.
Had a customer service representative in the United States who speaks really good English.
Have a better explanation of benefits.
You should have a centralized phone number for the United company including you.
She has excellent customer service skills.
I think you train your credit representatives or I'm sorry your customer service representatives to the highest level.
Allow members to request expedited decisions for preauthorization for the RSS unit I was told RSS does not talk to members.
The wait time between contacting and confirming a reservation the wait to go from one department to another is quite a bit.
shouldn't upgrade your system doing the day when people are calling in.
It's unusual to do upgrades during working days.
Done your updates in the middle of the night instead of during a business day.
But your website is bananas.
you know the correct information.
Your rep has my information.
Giving me different options of the different doctors names and phone numbers and even called to make my appointment.
You have excellent customer service.
The annoying self help computer.
The best thing you can do is cut down on the paperwork with 15 different pages.
Found the claim that was denied under my ID number and resubmit it to the correct department.
It was confusing to register under your health safe ID set up to manage my delivery reference for your various documents and information that comes out each year.
Please check again.
Connected me to a representative.
Response time could be better when transferring.
But other wise just a straight transfer from this person to the hearing aid service.
the customer service rep (unclear) voicemail.
the representative who answered the call was.
And materials delivered online as opposed to hard copy.
I highly recommend her she's an asset to your company.
Best customer service I have experienced in my lifetime.
(Unclear) continue providing the service to all of us.
my patient ID number.
Hats off to your customer service department.
You could've saved the address for our temporary address in your system.
(Unclear) and I have called at least twenty phone numbers.
Billing codes and everything.
with my conversation and with the representative.
I cannot gain access to my account.
Because the billing department isn't open today.
The automated service does not understand (unclear) numbers and when we request the operator they give you more questions to answer instead of just transferring the call.
Get the computer to accept my birth date.
I'm finding your website for retired teachers difficult to navigate.
I'm getting information on fraudulent charges.
You (unclear) results of inquiry to determine your service was accurate.
You provide service for us.
she's an asset to your organization.
Once you get through this automated phone system.
Your automated phone system doesn't always hear right.
Have one of your agents consistent with one.
on a plan also as my guardian.
The prompt for the automatic voice when you first call in to get to a representative.
Have a telephone number provided to me the customer.
Customer services could not confirm or deny this was a minor infraction and it's dealing with a correct or lack of an MBC number and there's almost $1700 involved.
Please call me.
He's a credit to your organization.
The website could've given me information.
Make the contribution that you pay the same as it would be for a standard but allow people to choose or select high performance models if they so desire.
Because your computers were being upgraded.
(Unclear) shorter time to answer my question.
The customer service people need to.
9% of the customer service personnel walk on water.
every customer I highly recommend him to be recognized on an award.
Make your explanations of benefits clearer.
responses for your great customer service.
Try and fix your customer service line.
to stay on the phone for the survey but the past 2 times I've.
Note that there was a problem using Safari and Apple products to gain access.
Have more workers on for during the holiday season.
The automated response system does not always capture words being spoken to route to the correct agent.
On your website to register for my UHC it's very difficult to register.
Send stuff via email.
My date of birth my member ID number and my name two times.
The unfortunately it is impossible to reach the billing department because they are closed through the holiday weekend.
Or maybe my mailbox to my address send my mailbox to my address.
Get a real operator when you call.
So I think overall understanding your plan book and understanding page numbers and where information could be located would be beneficial.
for a place to go near your home.
Have an easy to access vision program.
And when we're going to schedule a call with a supervisor at the billing department and the doctor's office and your staff.
Make vision coverage on claims available to the person who answers the phone.
Angela gave me quality customer service.
She gave me professional customer service.
You could upgrade your computer so that we are able to find doctors in our network.
your firm is very unorganized in the computer.
This (unclear) caller to confirm a problem.
Give me a free payment.
I asked for a phone number.
I received a phone number.
or be response to to get a passport.
I can be contacted at 205 area code.
4076180 if y'all need further clarification.
Just to be able to access the information.
Take care of yourself Ariane.
Got my payment made for the first month.
I love UHC's customer service line.
Simplify the process of vacation overrides.
Absolutely nothing it was outstanding customer service and an excellent service representative for your company.
Lower the price of the services I asked for available.
Have a direct line between two people with the Express Scripts.
Appreciate your help and customer service.
they handled my payment very quickly over the phone.
A lot of wasted time you have on my passport ID card under dentist the number 8006434845.
Providing documentation of the conversation (unclear).
Keep billing straight and correct.
So I need a faster way to identify my card.
The customer service and I am a customer service manager as always when I speak to any of your representatives is outstanding.
(Unclear) recommend you to some other people.
I got transferred to this survey instead of customer service.
Your auto line needs some enhancements.
Not to mention all the retrieval of information.
On your service (unclear) thank you.
She's very customer service oriented.
I have always had excellent help and excellent information from your customer service.
I received all the information.
the reviews on them are terrible.
Especially are they in network and what aspect of network.
Your employee (unclear) assisted me very attentively.
Email me a list of providers.
Had my correct phone number.
AARP complete you know (unclear).
40 was charged on our credit card account.
Send out a list of our drugs that are available so we don't have to make a phone call to get a price.
You can send me notification of when payments are due.
Notification through my email for notification in writing one month in advance.
Send us appropriate material with information about a doctor's location and the places office.
There should be an easy way to find out the drug coverages on the website.
Fix your call in system.
More knowledge for the customer service rep.
And your system disconnected me.
It would be helpful to send all of the items and indicate which were covered and which weren't.
The representative had problems with technical updates with your system.
my husband and my addresses.
As always it is excellent customer service that you get.
It says your share is a certain amount.
Keep your books updated.
Update your computer so it runs faster.
Answer my call sooner.
Let a family member account take care of all people who are in that family on one website.
One password so that it can all be accessed by one person in the family without having to set up separate accounts.
Communicate better with the department for each problem.
Check the doctor to make sure they're in the network.
(Unclear) your supervisors calling back regarding a possible fraud.
I like customer service at UHC.
We're awaiting the information right now to resubmit the billing claim.
Make the necessary updates and requests when they're at the time they are requested.
Quicker to get to a live person instead of listening to voice recordings.
Be able to have to dial the number for United Health and somebody can answer our question.
Your initial when you dial initial recording.
The answering machine that didn't give you enough time to put in the membership number.
Fix your communication system.
This was the second call I made to the customer service.
I was trying to access my husbands account through the Navistar company.
You should keep your appointments.
Gave me my confirmation number.
Have your website be a little more user friendly.
Give me better numbers to call to get direct better direct service.
I could not find it (unclear) web search through the UHC directory.
You're doing a wonderful job for a customer service line.
Have somebody stateside taking our information.
It is very difficult to get to the correct website.
So please avoid wasting time for your customer service people.
It's the manner in which you carry your business.
Issue another card with dental writer on it.
We have requested a provider list or a directory 2 times from your company and have never received it (unclear) one that is our only complaint.
You could've sent my Optum RX drug card before now.
There seems to be a discrepancy between what you're communicating either via email or your mail literature and what's in the benefits booklet regarding the frequency of the wellness visit.
on online and get it covered and the claim sent to you guys.
transferred over in less than 9 to 10 days.
give her a credit card or something.
Make sure the insurance plans are clear to the parties involved.
Allow the changes to be made online versus having to call.
They gave me phone numbers.
Get rid of the answering service that you have.
Hire an individual who can handle that job.
I have yet and it's May 28th to receive a new ID card.
You could've done better by having a shorter wait time on the phone.
in order to take out of a checking account one has to speak to somebody.
Also on my I've gotten denial denial denials of payment.
The customer service representative provided all the information I needed period.
Give the representative access to all of my cost.
Connected me to a customer service person.
They did take a payment over the phone.
You could have given an address of where to send the payment or sent a coupon to send in with the payment.
com until after your benefits start.
When you call and you put in the ID and your date of birth.
When somebody switches to your plan and not switch mid season.
You should use this as a training tool.
As usual your customer service excels.
Get rid of the automated voices.
my wife and I both were added to each other's account as far as getting information.
If you have any questions call me 5037044345.
Do not change the way you work.
The wait time on the phone.
Not sent me 2 cards with 2 different group numbers.
Have qualified people to answer questions.
Reason for the message is I got a phone call from area code 739 and it's UHC.
It ought to be on your web site.
So please put it on your web site.
Is sending me a new directory of my plan only with my providers and all that.
Make the website when you login a lot more straight forward.
This is the worse login system.
Your automated system has a problem understanding when they ask for numbers or questions thank you.
Have the information available online.
Have a person come to the phone quicker no recordings.
You need a better call center office.
So I'm hoping you will find a better place to house all your customer service people.
Update your phone technology.
So you need to get a new phone system (unclear) present one.
Please make it easier to speak with a representative.
Representative did not have a number for claims.
It's very complicated arranging for transportation.
We have the plan online.
debit was denied by my bank.
checked all my answers.
But the system I think you should really have a brochure to specify the details of each program.
I didn't find those details on the brochure.
Double check before either giving the names on the phone and you know the contact information is correct.
To have better copay.
(Unclear) and fax me back your answer.
She gave me quality customer service.
She gave me quality customer service.
She's the best customer service worker you have.
They don't answer the phones.
To send me a current catalog.
Got my card here faster and my member kit.
my phone call today.
Make your online more user friendly.
A more judicious effort to monitor to make sure that contracts are in place and particularly look at the areas that you have clients to make sure that you have the services that your client needs.
Fix up your automatic system so they can understand the difference between 1930 and 1970.
Accept pay more to the provider.
Let me on to the website even though my account's not active until June the 1st.
put in the application.
marketing people need to work on this stuff.
The problem wasn't with the service representative or.
Give me some lower co payment mainly.
Fix your voice recognition where I asking for the member ID number.
And there's no service listed as provided.
set up a payment.
Your automated phone system is lousy.
And you also need to take Discover credit card and American Express credit card.
You could've allowed me to sign up for electronic fund transfer on the phone.
Send me a catalog for vitamins.
And email is the easiest way to communicate because there's no international faxes and that's it.
with my call with the agent.
Being able to fax the information to my home.
To understand the customer service representative better.
Send the bill on time.
She's absolutely wonderful with customer service.
You need to fix some of the quirks in your online application process.
They need to practice talking slower depending on the person's hearing and their connection on the telephone.
Completely automate the system.
Your tutorial the tutorial on your phone could be better.
You can change the AI the automated at the beginning of a call.
Very frustrating and artificial intelligence isn't always the best for customer service.
to your company for services.
Please have the information sent forward to this address and maybe give me a call.
Not on my answering machine.
You need to update your database from the doctors or dieticians or whatever with their latest phone number and address.
The service you provide me is the best.
Your customer service representative was unable to find an answer.
the questions that they were asking you to set up an account online.
and she had information in front of her as to how to set up the password etcetera.
When it asks for the member ID.
Mailing my doctor registry books to me sooner.
having well informed representatives.
Have the ability to send correspondence via email.
(Unclear) in a timely manner and answered all my questions.
Yeah I had some difficulty using the voice recognition system.
at least 5 customer service reps could not provide status information on Charle's reimbursement but Yolanda was able to provide status and also spoke with the appeals representative in Cyprus California.
to get my shoes.
Could you put her on the phone? 9734206204.
You get 2 or 3 different information.
Have the proper doctor's address.
You have my member number.
Your paper work is creating more work for this person who's answering your phone.
Get a better information technology department to make easier to access Optum Rx.
Get rid of your recorder at the beginning that asks for my date of birth.
Train employees more and give them more in depth information.
Also less chit chat about personal items.
I'll be expecting the call from customer service later on during the day.
an asset to your company.
Provided me with a list of formulary prior to this phone call.
Because it's too much to go through all the doctors with the customer service person on the phone.
Once via through check and the other one through talking.
calling you and having it deducted from my checking account.
look over how your bills are being paid and explanation of benefits.
Streamline the telephone process for your.
all the questions at the beginning before you get to speak to someone.
the automated .
Make it easier to get to a representative from the menu system.
Easier to get to a person rather than the computer.
You could have had the website available before the start of the plan.
it was not being deposit into my bank account.
December 31st to December 31st so I was not getting my reimbursement.
Need someone like Joe with this employee number to train in the future representatives to make UHC customer service better.
They look up phone numbers.
Made it easier to find the information online.
(Unclear) information that I needed.
I can call any phone number.
We shouldn't even speak to your horrible customer service agents.
the only way to improve it is get rid of your entire customer service.
Help people build you.
Very good service on the part of the people who answer the phone.
But I've been waiting on paperwork or a phone call from CVS regarding a refund I'm due.
They have a lower price.
I'd have to make four separate phone calls to get an address change.
Was completely satisfied with the information provided and the update of the records that had been previously confusing.
Or customer service has the same page from the same book.
The person that answered the phone today 5318.
Had a confirmation number for the call.
Make it easier to access your website.
Have a make it easier to use the automated system on the phone.
Send a catalog a health care catalog to me.
Long wait time on the phone.
(Unclear) your help is wonderful.
Your automated answering system is like everybody else's.
The web page on the safe lock information health safe ID was incorrectly explained to me.
My only issue was with your website in trying to make a payment.
You could've sent me the dental platinum rider information.
They're not well indexed or table of contents.
Just shorten the wait time.
Make it easier to log on through the internet.
I took your return call 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning from the insurance company.
Nice rep efficient friendly and helpful.
This has been very difficult because you have a new program on your computer to log in.
Get rid of the automated service.
pass the member ID to the representatives instead having to repeat all that information every time I call.
Better directions on how to enroll in Optum RX.
and I appreciate y'all having such good customer service people.
Your employee could've had and should've had better phone quality.
Your system on your paperwork is ridiculous.
Fix your email so that they send me to the right location.
Make it easier to get a out of state refill accomplished at the local pharmacy.
Get rid of the opening automated answering service.
According to your manual on page 104 and 105.
Connect me with a person instead of a machine.
Be able to locate via county not just by zip codes because I don't know the zip codes within certain counties.
And having the phone directive going through all this information.
Please get English speaking representatives.
(Unclear) any time you want to speak to a representative please press zero.
Put web links in the master site rather than having multiple sites to go to to check for dental and vision benefits.
the representative was not aware of what the situation was and had to check with a specialty team.
She's an asset to your organization.
Get the billing issue resolved.
with the service of your representative.
Need to talk to a customer representative.
Had more listings in your provider booklet.
Faster (unclear) customer numbers and to not have to repeat it to the representative it should pass on through to the representative thank you.
But I had a good experience with your employee on the phone.
Put your checking account on the auto voice attendant.
Lower credit card people use the credit card.
Probably make the phone payment process a little quicker.
The one thing you could've done better is give your customers an extension number for your customer service reps.
Customer service you guys you're the best.
Have someone answer the phone in the United States.
Send me a pizza.
Have more facilities be part of the network.
Didn't have any trouble with the phone service or any kind of delay or anything.
Have knowledge of the equipment that.
his member number and whether I'd get another card or not.
Reduce background noise when I'm speaking with a representative please.
Your technician or whatever.
Your automated teller doesn't pick up anything right.
provided us with the information we were looking for.
You could've had my correct ZIP code in your file.
Make it an automated system like most of my.
Easier to navigate website thank you.
(Unclear) look up a ZIP code to locate and what network provider.
Please be patient.
Your 2018 plan materials look inside for important plan information.
and the information is not up to date.
I was more than satisfied with the customer service agent on your side of the phone.
Have your website work correctly.
It's probably on your computer.
your organization is great and I'll refer you's to other people.
Your fax numbers do not pick up from any other fax.
8015675497 does not pick up faxes.
5012627070 does not pick up faxes.
I called to change mailing address and rerouting on a bank.
Find the phone number that call me.
Not necessary to repeat routing number and checking account number three times.
Provider number could've been more accessible.
because we'd already had our home visits and then this letter shows up talking about notifying about the home visit.
Made it more simple to get into health care ID login page.
Pleased with your services.
I'm using a touch tone pad on a phone.
Your people your employee really helpful.
Long wait on the phone.
If I'm the customer service seems to have the cost as of the date of the call.
for Optum RX was on the RX card.
So please make sure they have updated material.
Have a person answer the phone rather than a menu.
Check your info before sending me a letter.
Communication between the claims processing when plans change for members.
we were not able to settle the issues with Health Safe ID and I've got the tech support number which I'll call on Monday.
the automation system did not understood.
I believe it's the phone system.
You can replay the recording.
When people call the phone number to get help don't make them sit through twenty minutes of sales pitches.
And the retail drug according to your customer service person went from 27.
Sent me a coupon for a discount next month.
should be able to get a life alert.
handled promptly in a professional manner.
Get rid of voice recognition.
Touch tones are much more efficient.
