the paperwork was submitted to United Healthcare then United Healthcare not have any copies of the paperwork.
The PCP department the one I currently have which is the all in one medical and drug plan plan.
my dental doctor I'll appreciate it.
I'm very disappointed that UHC dropped their over the counter coverage for Medicare.
for their Medicare complete.
It needs to update the new doctor.
Found a list of more doctors in Ocala and Dunellin.
But that's just between me and my primary care physician.
I am 100% satisfied with all aspects of UHC from your customer service to the policy that I'm enrolled in.
9% of the time UHC is great.
You could've send me a new health care Medicare Advantage card.
She did not know if this was a Medicare covered standard x-ray.
The workers there for UHC are excellent.
medicine insurance companies these days.
my health care provider.
Little alone you know with an insurance company or another service company where your kind of depending on records.
Providing me with a dental plan that would've helped.
they had to change from health care partners to Optum Care.
Well my endocrinologist is not covered by Optum Care.
(unclear) call center and chose environment looking for health care.
It's the first day with this new insurance United.
You could've let my brother James Allen Stainback stay at specialty hospital in Orlando Florida.
UHC is a great insurance.
And I have AARP Medicare Complete insurance.
So services today as usual with UHC were excellent.
Had a letter notifying me that the insurance providers had changed.
Signed up my doctor as a primary care physician.
take care of her family.
You could have allowed a change of address through your health system.
my primary care doctor.
the office staff that I was covered by insurance.
There is no urgency care in my Nevada partners of Nevada health plan and.
So I will be calling back to United Healthcare and Nevada partners.
United Healthcare has very professional people.
Social Security doesn't have it in their system.
I'm always satisfied when I call United Health for any questions.
Made the surgicare center that I'm going to be using put that on the website.
She even made me a appointment for my wellness visit.
A letter stating that my primary care physician group wasn't accepting UHC anymore.
More information about a prospected new primary care physician.
I'm very satisfied with the customer care that UHC gives period.
And the first call I paid my dental and premium with Josoline in Georgia.
Make sure I get the right directions about primary care positions.
I have bad taste with Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
(Unclear) the facility in my area for my (unclear).
I mean a (unclear) health care.
Apparently there are providers listed that do not accept the UHC dual complete plan.
Had more doctors in my area.
The company had a better education for the people that are helping their clients with some of these new devices or instruments for medical care.
United Health is not equipped with good information for her.
The problem that I have is with this company in general as well as Optum RX.
Guided me to a better Rx plan.
I'm very happy with the care that I'm getting by the Medicare Complete (unclear).
they're not being under the same care giver.
Your system is not structured to see a patient's point of view.
Colonoscopy is part of your preventative stuff and it's free.
What do they call it? Help safe ID.
AARP health benefits AARP medical plans and that's.
I'm so impressed customer service this the pharmacy team.
And they would not accept your UHC Medicare Advantage.
Transferred me to the doctors office.
Whatever you guys health save ID plan.
Change your plan to provide better drug coverage.
Getting through to the doctor and to the infusion therapy nobody's answering.
Transportation to or from the hospital.
Information that only currently the yearly wellness physical is the only thing that rewards are given for.
The patient has no control over whether the doctor sends or receives the referrals.
Or providers like (Unclear) he's my MD.
My specialist my the gastroenterologist Doctor (Unclear) out of Long Island.
It was about dental providers.
I am a new member as of March 1st for AARP Medicare Complete UHC.
That I have no dental coverage.
(Unclear) this is in regards to the dental coverage.
the dentist for so many years.
The dental coverage is not made clear in your materials that you give out to new customers.
Just provide a information services on doctors are in network for me.
To make sure that the information on the Medicare website jives with the information that's currently available from UHC.
Had some more information on hospital doctor (unclear).
My experience regarding classification of a drug in the formulary and understanding clarifications between different forms of delivery I E (unclear) of a Flexpet extremely knowledgeable.
in this plan we have here in Florida.
To resolve health care so it's much easier and less stressful.
(Unclear) hospital on my (unclear) into.
I mean Advanced Radiology.
I've tried three times to get a list of all surgeons that take the HMO.
I'm very pleased with AARP Medicare plan.
It's the previous call with the doctor that wasn't.
Had the representative have information available to describe what conditions are considered serious medical conditions.
Possibly been able to provide more about the dental rider and choosing a dental provider and being allowed to access the right person at the right time.
Complete the cancellation of the policy with UHC and the Applegate whatever group.
To have more coverage for senior citizens for their eyewear.
You could've provided information about United Healthcare providers who make house calls.
There are no providers in my area.
It's perfect and I love your nurse service.
Note on the UHC website that my coverage is effective January 1st 2018 instead of ending January 1st 2018.
Would better (unclear) to have more local doctors in the network.
Not enough in network doctors in (unclear) county Seabring Florida.
Given me the results of the findings in the quality care department.
Have a better explanation of the Medicare Rx Walgreens plan that when.
Is being taken off by Visiting Physicians Association.
On the back of the membership card instead listing Medicare Solutions for pharmacists just list Medicare Solutions for pharmacists and clients.
The first was for blood work down at the Jack Aranda Health Center.
So I'm in limbo until your system updates this doctor's credentials.
I had the HMO the retiree Medicare program.
It is a colorectal cancer screening kit.
over 30 claims involving my wife's health.
Especially with the patient.
UHC hires well when they hire people that are dealing with customers.
Coordinate better with primary care providers.
When I changed my AARP programs.
You're very professional understanding my issue with the dental care.
But it has to do with the upgrade to the Health Safe ID.
Improve your website and the information that's provided for picking a primary care physician.
Fix your website for dental for dentist search.
I just want to commend very good customer service and research and encouragement and helping hand in trying to resolve the issue of duplicate payment or demand of payment by a service company of the doctor.
A doctor or a heart surgeon.
It's the reason I stay with the UHC the AARP.
a new member of your insurance group.
Provided a list of available doctors on the Internet.
And preferred care is always helpful.
She followed up on her end and is going to be sending me a certified of credible coverage insurance for matters of UHC supplemental insurance.
Offered dental insurance with the plan I had.
Responded to the question which was related to a UHC policy about reimbursements.
The hospital's been paid.
You people don't care for your customers.
You people don't care for the service.
The one thing would've been coverage for spinal well for spinal surgery for laser spinal surgery.
So I'm thinking twice about staying with UHC AARP Medicare Complete.
So I am not a happy camper with AARP UHC Medicare Complete.
And I would recommend United Health to anyone.
Have more doctors within your plan in this heavily popularized area of Northern New Jersey where there's a lot of customers and a lot of people.
To have a dental plan.
Apparently there's a problem with the way bills are handled on the UHC side.
The hospital had all my right information.
It's not brain surgery.
You could tell me how much you are contracted to pay to Advanced Imaging Center for an MRI of my thoracic and lumbar area.
For some reason UHC refuses to disclose the amount that they are contracted to pay to the Imaging Center.
You didn't have any information on how this coordinates with my other insurance (unclear) coverage.
the other doctor was not local even though he had a local address.
The doctor's office can't handle it.
It's a nightmare to be in the referral program.
getting back to this guy being our primary care physician.
You're kind patient and professional.
More clarity in the letter of coverage of benefits notification.
They were telling giving me wrong information about medical groups about primary care physicians and specialists.
My North Carolina state health plan card number.
Have more doctors on your plan.
There are no improvements needed on the UHC side of my coverage.
Medicare is the only one that makes it complicated.
The responsibility is the hospitals.
Changed my doctors.
About my dental insurance.
It's Optum Rx which I know is a part of United.
It has nothing to do with customer service it's just the health care provider.
Or possibly provide a way to get a referral because of primary care issue.
You could've honored my dental requests.
was taken care of.
This is my fourth phone call to UHC to get a name change and a group change on my card for Medicare for the AARP medical Medicare complete Secure Horizons plan.
It's impossible that my card could match my husband's card for the name that he has on his card which is Beaver Medical Group.
Your whole system is screwed up and especially the Optum Rx ordering.
To do better is to get the right code from the hospital.
Any transportation service for patient to go to doctor.
I'm very unhappy with Walgreens and this coverage through UHC.
They can't go and buy it on Amazon or their local medical supply place.
the (unclear) service around (unclear) county and the dentists.
these plastic cards from AARP and they're not correct.
were not operating and that involved not only looking at my information but also a contact in the pharmacy part of United Healthcare.
And the differences Optometrist and Optomologist.
I have the Medicare Complete.
I have Medicare Complete.
Help with a live person because most seniors can't do that.
(Unclear) Medicare or the strips that will be covered by Medicare or (unclear) help.
In our previous plan with Care Mart it didn't cost anything.
Preferred Care Partner should be very fortunate to have Lacrita on your staff.
She connected me with a medical institution.
I don't have any issues with him or the Medicare replacement plan.
It's the fault of the government Medicare or medicine or whatever you got.
It was beginning information for surgery.
And I'm always trusting Optum Rx for my prescriptions.
I had a very good experience today with UHC AARP Medicare Complete.
Your coverage is nothing.
I requested the referral from my primary care doctor.
I asked for a telephone number to their durable medical equipment department or authorization department for Part B.
This insurance does cover Part B.
You could have provided me with a vision insured plan vision insurance plan.
You need to try to figure out a way that the insured knows whether the participating physician is an in network or out of network provider.
Have more providers under pain management in the Montgomery area.
It's like a very clinic type atmosphere.
You have no dental plan.
Understanding and wanting to share the patients words.
You take care sweetheart.
Had better access to the hospital records.
I'm trying to get information on my health coverage.
United Healthcare is always good.
dental department is the worst.
The only thing that UHC needs to update their information about their doctors.
Or if they are still providing service for United Care.
Make sure that all of the people that work for United Healthcare the AARP United Healthcare and the Optum all know the same information.
It was the health care provider.
I called UHC as a result.
UHC's great and Care Improvement Plus is great.
Follow up with health insurance and availability.
Connect me with a alternative insurance plan.
We're just waiting for the UHC information for the Medicare the (unclear) Advantage plan.
She actually gave me the information for health products benefits.
I need some dental coverage.
for my health care and I thank you.
I'm trying to get a listing of the dental providers in my area.
And we need better doctors in this area.
Not your health care because I'm very happy with your health care.
It would've been nice if there could've been an intervention with Lakeside Medical Group in regards to denial of medical coverage.
For an out of network doctor when there is no in network doctor available within the county the member lives in.
I have been approved for a skilled nurse and a home health aide.
And also to double check my dental coverage.
Had a list of available optometry services.
why I'm insured to Walgreens online and it's being confused with Optum.
Your assistant doesn't seem to be recording to Medicare that I am enrolled in your AARP Medicare Complete Secure Horizon plan.
I like UHC insurance.
Find me a dentist.
Find me a dentist.
I needed dentist insurance (unclear) insurance.
Secure more doctors with UHC within the 30188 area code.
This is (unclear) claims research solution specialist.
Could've explained the procedure process and claims more thoroughly.
Foot doctors eye doctors and doctors of internal medicine.
More information about a person that can take care of a dental for us now instead of waiting until October thank you.
Called Silver Scripts to get information from them.
There is no telephone number whatsoever to contact AARP Medical Medicare Complete.
Complete information (unclear) complete health plan plus price sheets.
called for a colonoscopy to make sure that it's covered.
Provide Health Club membership to (unclear) and fitness club which is the number one club here in (unclear) Florida.
Again (unclear) fitness club particularly helpful premium club for seniors and their membership for me is only 31 90 per month.
Completely satisfied with today's discussion with the health care provider.
The call was fine it's my issue is unresolved due to UHC needing to speak with the provider PAMF.
Could've made this dentist in the network.
My calls to UHC about Medicare Complete usually (unclear) satisfactory.
I applied for Part D coverage with your company.
Based on my satisfaction with UHC during the many years that I have been employed.
Good job on the UHC representative thank you.
On April 30th I requested a vision plan claim form.
And today that I receive an Optum Rx claim form.
Coordinate information between the doctor's office dealing to see if the test is not done in the doctor's office.
And arranging for follow up care.
Provide a list of doctors to get.
that are covered in my area.
Provide a list of doctors that I'm covered in my area.
The representative could've had better understanding of dental benefits.
If you could get some kind of dental plan.
He couldn't answer a basic question such as what is the difference between an internal medicine doctor and a primary care doctor.
It's a lot like Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Fibromyalgea.
Not send out a letter erroneously changing my PCP from Dr Robert Petowicz to a Dr Sabin Paul Yee.
The pharmacy help desk that could've been handled and.
It is a pleasure calling United Healthcare.
insurance provider on the plant Earth thank you.
like a health screening that was.
Have dental coverage through AARP as opposed to having to deal with Delta Dental.
You should have dental coverage also with your medical.
Explain better you know the patient responsibility toward the.
they made the interaction with UHC enjoyable.
That would be wellness visit vision appointments etcetera etcetera.
Being that I was transferred to a Medicare D plan.
in the ability of looking for insurance because I've had nothing but great results.
Out of the medical and the pharmaceutical end.
I activated a dental plan on March the 30th.
Very disappointing way to start with this new dental plan.
Know doctors that will help with the car insurance companies.
You just do not have enough doctors in the Marina Valley area for ears nose and throat under the prime care premier healthcare plan.
The dental benefits offered under medical.
It was explained to me and I will await for my transaction from my husband's service for the surgery center.
She gave me information about my health care insurance and about gym membership.
Optum Rx is in a (unclear) okay.
UHC is excellent.
You know I have no complaints with United Care customer service.
regular doctor has been for years.
And CPAP dot com they have a wide variety of these.
I was calling about creditability of insurance for late enrollment.
for United Health to recalculate that particular date of service.
And answer the questions that the patient most needed help.
And just appreciate being into UHC advantage.
How is that your agent does not know the answer to a question about the cancellation of a dental policy.
Follow up with the customer or the patient to let them know that their prescription is ready for refills.
When the speciality provider is either before you see a new doctor because of time lags or shortly there after.
asked to speak to the dental department.
More patience from the pharmacy that I spoke with about mail order prescriptions.
Had in network dentists in my area.
I really appreciate Preferred Care Partner United (unclear) a patient for nine years and (unclear).
Just automatically transferring to the next physician.
Very good company to have coverage under.
Need to see doctors when they're out of their state.
they want me to call United Healthcare supplemental.
My understanding from your representative is that although the hospital is a participating member of my Advantage plan with you and the bill is through that hospital Maine General Medical Center in Augusta Maine that the doctor is not a participating member and I'm paying 40% for his surgical procedure instead of 20.
A more up to date and current list of which physicians accept which UHC plan.
The dental insurance you have is just your cleaning and checkups.
Help me locate a doctor in a different area.
I've never had a problem with UHC customer service that I'm aware of in the past.
I appreciate the service that United Health has given us on this situation with the chemo and the cancer operations.
Additional conversation I need to talk to about Part B prescriptions.
As usual UHC always takes good care of me.
Contacted my medical provider and (unclear) all issues.
Have a better screening process on the automation that you're using now and get the records updated quicker between yourself and the doctors.
better coverage would've been nice.
Recommended a outpatient procedure in my area.
For UHC because I wanted to enroll in the mail order medication.
I called in a little while ago and was referred to High Health Innovations.
Provided excellent customer care to me.
Provided coverage for a personal trainer.
Print on the AARP prescription card that the customer is free to use WalMart pharmacy and Publix pharmacy in addition to WalGreens.
UHC has the best customer service.
I talked to to get my annual wellness gift card.
UHC has awesome customer service.
UHC is the most efficient customer service.
There is disconnect within your oganization on having a being a well made customer versus a UHC customer.
The pharmacy blames the insurance company.
And it's a wonderful service that Health UHC provides.
there is 1 person in the area who is listed as an orthopedist.
Other than that I have been satisfied with UHC customer service.
But it's a question of United Health doing a little better with regard to supplementing membership to a health club.
More doctors could be in the systems.
I'm very satisfied with the products that were sent to me today from your health products catalog.
I wish that the coverage for transportation from my physical therapy sessions was covered by UHC.
This one dentist (unclear) one of your customer services (unclear) one of customer services (unclear) today.
Get me an appointment with a doctor physician.
(Unclear) and he wasn't my regular dentist.
Could've provided more complete information about the dental plan.
The person I called several weeks ago the my information was updated on my card giving my doctor's new phone number but it did not transfer to the new office new location new internal medicine group.
This is my first time to involved in Medicare or Medicare have the Medicare card.
I think he's a great asset to your company AARP Medicare Rx plan.
Maybe (unclear) us an out of doctor in patient network.
The initial choice of the UHC Medicare prescription plan preferred PVP was not adequately explained to me.
That's why I'm not happy with this specific prescription plan.
Provide better primary care physicians in Port Saint Lucy.
To have such a kind of response from a insurance company.
a doctor that should've been in network.
The catalog and your current information on my experience with the dental portion could be more.
to see a doctor specialist everyday are so long.
Coordinate with my physician Vancouver Clinic little coordination I've called.
You have the best health insurance and you have good benefits.
Because we have a hard time to find a doctor to accept your plan.
Help us senior citizens with our medication.
Like the doctor refers me to a behavioral health care provider.
United Health is a very helpful place to talk people to talk to.
Was able to switch my primary care physician.
I am on the passport program with UHC.
The your website for the HMO POS is very bad and needs some major work.
The doctors list is not complete or is inaccurate.
We're just going to wait for the bill from Gunderson to have it processed under Solutions Healthcare in Lacrosse.
As always your customer care is super.
This insurance company stinks.
My doctor is not under the ophthalmologist.
And I wouldn't recommend AARP United Health to a single sole.
she's been an ambassador for UHC.
To find a contracted urgent care center.
They're closed today on Sundays the dental department.
Not your fault the pharmacy is closed on Sunday.
With this transaction by phone the customer service representative went above and beyond in helpfulness and helped solve a problem that had to do with a medical supply company and I'm completely satisfied.
I have received such courtesy from every call I've ever made to the United Insurance Company.
kept my benefits with my (unclear) a doctor in this area.
Updated the catalog to doctors accepting new patients.
I have tremendous complaints with the relationship between hospitals and the insurance company.
I'm retired from Walt Disney World and from the Phone Company and so you are my primary insurance person.
More information on better medical coverage or medicine.
And Optum Rx has incorrect information.
I'm new with AARP and never got any correct information.
You know it's your vendor that's doing this with the Health Safe ID.
with my particular plan or not.
Provide better documentation regarding my health plan benefits.
Your website says that breast cancer screening rewards are available in the Spring.
my appointment with my doctor.
the formulary that it's been in you know with UHC.
Disgraceful the way they treat patients.
Was very helpful in directing my understanding of the Optum exercise program.
Have my doctor listed as a primary care physician.
You could cover home health aides.
Had better coverage of dental insurance.
Provide me with more information on my health benefits as far as the health club.
Had better information on medicare coverage.
I am still dissatisfied with the service provided by Honor Health Group but that's not within the control of the UHC representative.
I'm calling about dental insurance and the plan.
This is also offshoot and everything with regard to Optum Rx on the pharmacy benefits and good old donut hole.
He helped me with my prescriptions I'm going to change from CVS to Optum Rx.
I'm now retired chose you as our health care provider.
Contacted the doctor's office.
one of my doctors today.
the day of my appointment that my insurance which is Medicare.
it is healthcare mental.
We're very very happy with our coverage with UHC AARP Medicare.
call the doctor and told them that they needed the prior auth.
that is covering care through UHC.
My experience with AARP Medicare Complete has been really good.
But so far UHC Advantage is doing an excellent job.
It was the hospital and the ambulance service.
the patient whatever we are.
You could've gotten the dental department direct instead of getting the customer service area and then getting transferred to the dental department.
the results are gonna be satisfying to the patient.
Not based on a claims representative's knowledge.
Satisfied with the results of our conversation with the UHC representative.
I requested doctors name and their specialties in my area Orange County California a couple of weeks ago.
Trying to get healthcare.
Neither does my local hospital accept United Healthcare.
The hospital had overcharged me on one of my surgery March the 27th.
On the website for UHC some of the doctors state that they're speciality geriatrics.
Have more doctors in my area or participating doctors actually.
Help provide more information about Medicaid.
The coverage for Medicare and helping with medicine.
I called the number for Care Improvement.
However I switched from the Medicare Advantage Plan to the AARP UHC Supplement Plan and I've notified everyone in both offices.
My question was taken care of with 100 percent efficiency and accuracy.
It was simply a matter of getting my Optum Health RX Fitness Benefit number.
All the doctors have it all the hospitals.
we have gotten through Firstline medical customer service in the past.
Well I keep calling and calling on this hospital inpatient from October 2017.
We had a question concerning the Walgreens where we get our prescriptions.
There should be more options for a voice therapist.
I've been doing (unclear) Medicaid Social Security and UHC.
Still researching a billing issue.
Nothing could've been done better with this experience I've had with a United Healthcare customer service representative.
You know to all individuals who are on the United Healthcare plan.
This was not a UHC problem is was (unclear) memorial hospital billing error.
If they're available and also if they have hospital rights.
The service is so good with my insurance United Medicare United Healthcare.
And then the client or the patient.
The care advantage plan to have silver sneakers in it.
my doctor in network right away.
my doctor order a lift chair which like a lounge chair.
the insurance company was being taken advantage of.
on Medicare you know.
The standard statements about some Medicare in terms about contractual issues.
Improve the dental 'cause it sucks.
Easier calls there was some confusion between Verizon Benefits and UHC.
The people at UHC are very friendly.
They only call it a Dual Plan and it's not it's more than that it's called Health Care Dual Complete Plan.
Why they have no record of me being with AARP Medicare Complete.
I've had perfect service from United Health.
I could've gotten help on past history with UHC dental.
It also makes us unsure about our insurance about our doctor.
I was calling about a physical appointment and the wellness.
And it's the quality of the programs and the quality of customer service that keeps me a member of UHC family.
Find a hospital within my city that's more convenient.
So I think Chyanne is a real asset to your company and that I'm leaving AARP Medicare Complete as of June 1st.
Blue Cross and Blue Shield here in Idaho.
UHC is one of the best insurances I've ever had.
Whether my insurance with the other insurance yours is primary or theirs is primary.
Regularly doctor's appointments and dental and I'm in pretty good health.
Had the coverage start immediately.
for being my insurance company.
I wish you had some kind of basic dental insurance with the plan.
depending on the health care policy.
insurance with my primary.
Have better eye care insurance.
Have better coverage for older people.
It was the provider that called that gave incorrect information about the co pay for a hospital admission.
And I'm proud United Health is my insurance.
So they get A plus but I'm still without an answer with keeping this doctor in the UHC network.
With our doctors and services.
It's service is offered to the blind population and people other people with disabilities.
So we find this problematic with credit card companies other insurance companies.
Blue Cross Blue Shield has you beat by a mile.
The renewal process is very complicated for older individuals.
Anytime I've called UHC with questions.
Good service from the UHC and I appreciate for the today.
Explained treatments better what doctors can do.
Your agent lied to me with respect to being enrolled in the (unclear) medical program in Massachusetts and the family health center in Ocala Florida.
My request was such that it couldn't be handled by United Healthcare.
Been more of an advocate for the patient instead of the insurance company maybe.
However there is (unclear) document (unclear) 2018 the statement that UHC will provide information to your customers concerning when someone.
I'm looking for a dental provider in my area.
The problem is the policy that PERA took out with you and that it was not adequately explained to us at our annual meeting to choose insurance.
This is a scheduled appointment (unclear) eye examination by your company.
It was general information not specific to my surgery.
The third is that I had trouble finding how to get answers about a dental claim from December.
Not listened to mental health industry.
Resent my health state ID.
And I'm glad to be with you at the with United Health healthcare plan.
We reached Optum Rx.
I'm having problems finding an appropriate neurosurgeon to take out my brain tumor.
Everything's always been wonderful with your healthcare plan.
Had the hospital for special surgery included in your network.
and with United Healthcare and that's basically it.
We're having trouble reaching a medical provider which is not your representative's responsibility or fault.
I'm trying to switch primary doctors.
The UHC and thank you.
Additional help with dental care.
Doctors and the prescriptions with Optum Rx has been excellent.
Referring to the health care practitioner house call.
They've assigned us another doctor.
But we're not driving from (unclear) to Michigan for our primary care doctor.
UHC could get together with the PPO (unclear) insurance and I can't.
So that is my biggest concern (unclear) United Healthcare as an insurance provider.
Had better insurance coverage.
With my experience with United Healthcare.
the person who's paying the insurance premium with the claims department and not just customer services.
the doctor can talk to the claims department.
Where you can find dentists that accept the insurance.
We have 3 medical appointments and on May 31 for-.
My next call to UHC will probably be during open enrollment the end of this year to cancel.
I need a reputable insurance company.
You can ask a nurse at like seven days a week.
five claims with UHC as a secondary insurance and nothing is ever getting resolved right.
Like my advocate and the local Social Security Administration so I'm was very happy with the customer service.
And to everyone in the UHC center.
Shouldn't require the permission of husbands to wives to speak to UHC for the other.
the information that I received from the healthcare agent was perfect.
You have the best customer care of insurance company I've ever dealt with.
According to you in January on January 24th 2018 I'd lost my primary care provider Dr Jessica M Allen MD in New York City.
I needed more dental insurance.
The service given to me by the Mr Luis at the moment and Medica Healthcare has always been 100% excellent.
Better communication in the differences and the stages different stages of the insurance coverage.
I thank the United Healthcare and the representative very much.
I wanted a specific doctor.
not health care.
The problem is with my medical provider.
Have more doctors available in the Somerset area.
In appreciation thanks to all at United Health.
Having (unclear) indicating all providers available within the area.
The directory doesn't list the doctors properly.
It would be good if you could cross reference our member number from our United Healthcare Supplemental Plan F and our part D rx because it's hard to keep both numbers.
And sometimes there difficultly communicating between those who prescribe eye glass lens and UHC.
The problem is with Optum Rx which has a worrisome bad system.
Represent the Walgreens pharmacy that kept on hanging up on the representative trying to contact (unclear) for an error that the pharmacy made.
The information below is what Medicare has on file for you.
It was a referral from my primary physician to a dermatologist.
UHC has always been a big help to me.
Yes I called about CPAP supplies.
You need some (unclear) benefits program.
United Health I'm so grateful for your employees and you agents and you representatives.
But the issue I'm having is this transition period as a chronic pain management patient.
My problem is with our secondary insurance through New York state.
In the mean time I've been phoning Phillip Duncan the United Healthcare contact.
In calling for Optum I always get the AARP representative.
And AARP Medicare Plan is excellent.
And connecting me to the Optum Rx prescription people.
They are certainly an asset to our Medicare.
I'll check on these doctors.
THe problem lies with the doctor's billing office which they're not billing correctly and it's strictly.
And but we're very satisfied with our insurance through UHC.
It's the codes that are coming in from the hospital.
It's very poor service to people who pay for your service and for the coverage.
Get more doctors that are in network.
One for the doctor and one for the ambulatory service.
It's the question concerned a human error on the part of the physicians office.
You need more doctors.
Get Matolic County Hospital to send me a bill on my surgery in February the 12th 2018.
It is just wonderful health care and it is just wonderful customer service.
The agent was not familiar with how to order or the status of Freestyle (unclear) whether Medicare goes through UHC or separately.
They can be very helpful and you and the more service to the patient.
Actually I'm very satisfied with the help that I received both from the United Health medicine plan and the regular United Health to follow Medicare.
She's in the right spot helping people our age to service and get served by UHC.
Its always been a pleasure talking to the employees with our insurance company.
my travel to Durango Colorado had some providers.
the plan I have.
Service provided today was excellent and answered my question my concern or my question or as always UHC excellent service.
And what was very confusing was that the amounts paid based on the Medicare summary for the quarter were totally different than the information that the customer service agent had.
The confusion was I was sent two primary care physicians cards.
surgery part of the vision for your part.
My other friends on other different insurances have this issue.
Had a better choice of fitness centers.
I love UHC and (unclear) is a 100 number 10.
did have coverage.
UHC does not have the correct mileage between my residence and the PCPs that are recommended.
I do support Medica Preferred Care.
I cannot get access to UHC on the web.
Have a dental rider on my plan.
As I was telling the agent that they need to be able to activate emergency dental riders upon demand on life's experience or medical emergencies.
She contacted my doctor.
The terminology is confusing both for my doctor and for UHC members.
They even set up and appointment a wellness appointment for us.
Had more options for audiologists in Saint Charles County.
and I'm concerned that this is not a good thing and it impacts a lot of your customers.
For now the call and (unclear) the primary doctor.
Had a more definitive answer as to policies with the insurance plan.
Because Jose did an excellent job at providing me very good details on the shingles vaccination that shingles vaccination.
So I have to research it more through the Cleveland Clinic.
It is an extension of the doctor doctor's office.
Care physicians and specialists.
Health plans will appreciate (unclear) quality of their health care.
But the open enrollment or open cancellation I don't like.
A primary care provider copay.
You can change your (unclear) insurance plan.
my concern beyond anything lies with Optum Pharmacy.
Give me a direct phone number to UHC Medicare Rx for groups TTT and not have to go through customer service.
To add physical fitness benefits for your health care members.
They just don't understand what how the network means under this new advantage plan.
Make it easier to find a physician (unclear) specialist.
She even contacted the physicians office for me to confirm information.
So I've had insurance through several companies.
It seems that it's not a Preferred Care Partners' problem.
I had an unusual question about transferring potentially to UHC in the state of Oregon.
My medical needs with the plan.
He deserves recognition for his expert quality customer service care.
Provided more information on a doctor.
I was over billed by Quest Diagnostics.
I was calling for a list of psychologists in the Denver Colorado Aurora Colorado area.
silver sneakers is switched it over to Optum Rx Fitness Advantage.
In terms of that even have to sign up for the Optum Rx Finance Fitness Advance.
It's not the fault of UHC AARP.
Also I'm glad to be part of her UHC system family.
The initial person with AARP Medicare AARP plan was very nice and helpful.
Kudos to Emmy from a patient or a client.
I'm in the get coverage gap and we were unable to find any pharmaceutical assistance programs.
You should not assign doctors to us who are in urgent care.
They're not primary care doctors.
Patients to doctor.
If a doctor can bill you as a new patient or bill UHC as a new patient after not seeing him for three years.
Investigated fraudulent charges attributed to me by Saint Francis hospital.
outpatient procedure that I'm gonna have done tomorrow on the 1st of June.
And UHC Care Improvement you all have a great day.
Your insurance sucks.
I was looking for a medical care provider.
Keeping you (unclear) when there's changes with the doctors in their medical group.
She restored my confidence in the customer service reps for UHC after multi.
It's an issue with the pharmacy.
The plans in my name only and from 200 miles away I received all the medical records.
Talk to the hospital again.
Notify everyone of your change in the website from Medicare Advantage.
Or to Medicare Advantage from UHC.
They changed my primary care network immediately.
The representative said that are plan did not include the passport but the AARP Medicare UHC card that we received does say United Health passport.
United Healthcare is the best.
Could have made sure that my husband Paul is under the United Healthcare benefit advantage plans.
Optum Fitness Advantage is not in the area that I am in so having UHC contract area facility to participate instead of having the customer offering a flyer to them.
And I appreciate AARP Medicare Complete form UHC.
Makes me appreciate United Healthcare and your staff.
without the visit and to come back and forth to see your doctor.
The hospital sends you a bill without a.
UHC did fine.
There weren't any service providers for glaucoma.
And they also called us from Medical Alert.
Have computer generated easy access with reviews for all healthcare rehab providers.
I think I started with Care Improvement Plus in 2010.
Nothing with the call but I'm having a lot of problems with Optum Rx mail order pharmacy.
Explained the check in points for your health care checkup.
Had list of dentist easier for them to find in my area.
Which goes to benefits and then lists all your doctors and all of that.
And the second billing department for the dental plan get a (unclear) no stars.
I called this morning about coverage from one dentist.
I'm looking in Colorado Springs Colorado to see if there is anybody that accepts Medicare in the dental field.
The (unclear) and coordination between the employer Express Scripts and UHC is a real shambles.
Provide more in network doctors.
I have two insurance companies now United Healthcare and Blue Cross.
Your company has misrepresented itself in terms of physician and medication coverage.
I recommend UHC Medicare on a scale of ten.
The letter could've included information about my part in the UHC Group Medicare Advantage Plan.
Specifically the formulary won't cover Viagra and yet in your magazine and in the AARP magazine it talks about how a healthy lifestyle includes having sex.
So I think you should provide more detail as to what's included in a glaucoma screening and what's included in an annual wellness.
It was my second call to United Healthcare.
(Unclear) information on the (unclear) dental and the vision and the hearing.
I should have used the terminology UHC Group Medicare Advantage PPO.
Communicated better with the doctor and the pharmacy.
my HMO policy.
The explanation for the (unclear) of doctors into the UHC network.
Lashell from Saint Louis Lashell explained a new program complex case nurse program.
Provided UHC primary care physicians in the state of Tennessee.
When we received our original explanation that United Healthcare had accepted us into the care improvement plus.
I've been very happy with the phone service with the health plan.
Had the line open for the online medical products.
It's called First Line I think First Line Medical.
Frustrated with the log on to the new United Healthcare Health Safe ID.
Notified me that my dental provider went out of network.
More coverage on the dental work that's all.
And in fact it is not covered or non formulary.
more than satisfied and wouldn't participate in any other plan.
Your listing of doctors is a as printed a nightmare to find the particular doctor you want.
With my primary care doctor.
I had multiple questions about my first referral in my new location.
I had signed up for AARP the complete Medicare plan on a previous phone call.
More communication between the medical group and the United Healthcare worker who was.
UHC was unable to resolve the problem.
There's been a technical glitch in the UHC renew part.
Assisted me with getting Medicaid card.
It said that I had insurance with Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield.
I think there needs to be some clarity as to the list of approved dental providers and a list of optical providers how that relates to WellMed and how that relates to UHC.
It's not clear who the approved providers are for those services.
I need my vision insurance.
And so we need home health care.
Have Medicare Advantage plans and not (unclear).
I haven't received any forms from UHC this year.
Provide more in network doctors within my area of Suffolk County.
Have to call United Healthcare.
Include on the letter sent out both the UHC insurance as well as my Epic insurance.
