Could have returned a representative to.
We talked about different things.
The wait time between my questions and answers too long.
You could open up earlier.
It would've been helpful to know that it was the United member ID number.
Just put me on as authorized.
Instead of taking time to mail it.
I've been shifted from one person to another.
Better time (unclear) had spent of the answers to the questions.
Could have provided us information earlier.
Well we got disconnected in the middle of our call.
It went to the survey.
It was hard for the account to explain tiers co pays.
I was surprised that this year for a blood test.
They didn't understand the spoken birth date.
We were able to get the information that was needed in order for her to submit the claim.
Now I'm on a survey without even getting my answer.
Calling to see if a prior authorization was needed on my husbands surgery.
The background noise when the operators speaking with me is very distracting and it covers up her voice at times.
Setting me up with a customer service person like Marla.
Give her a raise.
And I recommend a raise for him.
Each and every call I got.
And even told me about the reward card you offer.
in the process of getting my money back and it's tied up in Georgia.
I'll find out when it comes in the mail.
Your compassion came through on the phone.
was done to my satisfaction.
Transferred my call to United States as I asked.
You're very quick to answer the phone.
The representative could not answer my basic question.
And give them girls a raise.
When they are lapsing their bill.
Sent me a check for a million dollars.
You did not indicate on any level that there was a certain dosage.
The opening when you dial in and you talk to a machine.
Speak louder into the receiver.
So she is going above and beyond by contacting other departments.
They could've just replaced the card.
You guys could pay for the new singles shot.
Kept me on hold.
Got the information and I'm satisfied.
He stayed with me on the phone.
Made it easier to get through to the representative.
Had a (unclear) on my account.
Just waiting for a call back for.
Quicker response time and a lot of background noise was disturbing on the call.
Make it easier to talk to an associate.
It takes forever to go to the person.
Have to call back again.
And that person had some difficulty finding the information.
But they did find the information.
And we paid all our bills to them.
So he looked up the post office box and claim address for (unclear).
He stayed with me to talk to Express Scripts.
And provided me with great answer.
And they anticipated coming in the mail.
I'm calling about a previous helper from the nurse line named Curtis.
He needed to go through a different company.
She gave me the phone number to speak to a better benefit.
The problem was resolved without any other problems.
But since you merged them.
And it takes awhile for them to process a change of address.
The call was answered immediately by an actual person which we appreciate.
So hopefully that came through on the touch pad.
The quality of the background noise in the conversation was very.
His Hydrocodone is not even in your book evidently but Ali in customer service was customer support.
Maybe not taking so long to do the transaction.
Today I received a letter from United which contradicts information that other representatives told me.
And verified that there was no billed inquired.
put yourself in the line.
If the order is canceled and the medicine's not available the patient needs to be told.
Speaking to the rep.
So maybe she needs a raise in pay.
Give her a raise.
Somebody picked up in person.
And looking forward to getting my drug list.
And they took me down the wrong road.
To call Maximus help which after trying them yesterday.
And talking to them this morning.
went beyond the call of her duty.
Helped me get a doctor.
Still waiting in line for the lady to come back.
Explained everything to a T.
Got the information I needed.
Could've had a live person answer the phone in the first place.
However getting to her as I found in previous calls is very difficult.
Got me into an exercise program.
So that's the reason I put in a five on the last question.
She mailed a form for approval of the purchase of the (unclear) Aid that I called about.
And held my hand all the way.
And it's difficult to get to an agent.
And they kept giving me to the wrong department.
So I'm already logged in with you know the new system.
It should be easier to get to a representative than answering through a machine.
This was my second phone call in today.
And the second call was Steven Christopher over in the dental department.
I've told people to get your service.
And I'm also going to turn them into the dispute department in Vancouver Washington because this is a suspicious claim and billing suspicious.
Got the claim approved.
My call got dropped after 30 minutes of being on the phone.
I'm still waiting for results of my problem.
You covered all the bases.
the phone cut off while I was in the process of.
They should have receipts for correspondents.
And explained it to me.
Transferred to the help desk they were terrible.
It seems like your handling of the request for referrals (unclear) that you received (unclear) slow.
Just the personnel that you had he answered the phone.
And I don't remember getting a letter that said that the program which was the Optum Fitness Advantage Program had been rescinded.
Also it's been frustrating about getting my medication.
And not have to worry about looking for the new policy.
covered my needs completely.
Every time I've called the customer service line I've talked to representatives in 3 different states.
Gave me some phone numbers to check on some things.
And get my cards.
And answered my questions promptly and sufficiently.
And explained it to me.
Entering all the numbers.
There is no personal information on it.
No one answered the phone.
It went straight to the survey.
Hopefully that takes care of the original call.
And she did go the extra mile to look up the additional information about (unclear).
Someone to overrule the first brief evaluation.
Could've gave me some better coverage on my bill.
And so I sent all my paperwork in.
She's going to mail out forms.
Transferred me to the right department.
Checked it out.
asked for.
It said that something about finding a doctor.
Your website is not up and running correctly.
You should give her a raise.
Had the proper information and was very pleasant.
The first call resulted in the wrong form being sent to me.
It was just a matter of resolving it and waiting for a response.
Got it sent to the wrong address.
They corrected that so it's sent to the right address now.
dug into my problem.
So when you call in at a later date.
A little less time of waiting for her to get the information.
but my old wallet was stolen.
with the help I got.
The computers were slow on retrieving the information.
Given us a date on the form that you sent me.
And also talking to a gentleman on the phone.
I was routed to the wrong number again.
They gave me the wrong doctor's name.
Let me speak to the representative before I take the survey.
There was no wait time and there was courtesy and correct information.
Some of them did not answer their phone.
Give them all the information they needed.
when the rep hung up that stopped the call.
And had the information right at hand.
Once on the answering machine and once with the person.
It was a long wait to get the issue resolved.
Loved talking to him.
This is the second year that I go for a physical a yearly physical and getting my some of my work lab work.
It is very noisy in the background and hard to hear the representative.
She relieved a lot of my anxiety about some billing issues on my account.
It was very hard to hear the representative on the phone.
There could be no improvement on the level of service that was offered.
I'm waiting for him or her.
It's working on it I'm waiting for a call back.
We're receiving an immediate confirmation would've been helpful.
When a person calls in you could give them the opportunity to call.
So as I said my survey today was directed mainly to the people of North Carolina.
Give her a raise.
The all was handled excellently and I have no suggestions concerning improving your customer service.
I understand that they issued the request on the 26th of April.
Because the calls just drop in the middle of not waiting for assistance.
Put a live person on the phone the minute it rings from the customers thank you.
There was no information regarding as to who the denial of payment was for.
Been more knowledgeable about the information I needed.
No everything went fine on the call today.
I'll try calling back.
Sent me all my information to begin with.
Had the payment kicked in earlier and a letter of explanation as to what was happening without calling.
And then when I gave her the information.
And Bridget in your the department with the medical supplies was the most helpful.
Put you on hold and then they drop you into the same queue.
And she gave me some other suggestions (unclear) extra telephone numbers (unclear) out of benefits (unclear).
The issue was completely resolved by the attending person.
Everything went perfectly upon my phone call to the lady.
The waiting the call waiting until you get somebody.
She supposed to put me to a sales representative.
They put through apparently the very expensive one.
But when I'm calling back and forth and getting contradictory information.
They're working on it.
No I hit the wrong button.
You could've enabled me to get into the site.
The first man gave me incorrect information.
All in one phone call.
it took too long for the customer rep to dig up the information.
And every two months he have to fill out the request once again.
And I'm been working with the Visiting Physicians Association because my son is a home (unclear).
To get information on how much things would cost.
Instead of calling your representative.
They charge me $27.
they found the rejection.
And additional information I was not aware of.
And tried to understand the problem.
But basically it was call your PCP.
They were answered in a timely fashion.
But make sure that Kaitlyn's given a ten on the survey.
In my last talk with your representative before today.
That it is not a colonoscopy prep kit that they send out.
But it has more to do with accessing information.
Whenever a claim is processed.
Well the claims have been sent back for further information.
And she called the doctor's office for me.
And got back to me.
It took several minutes to pull up my account.
Could've sent me a booklet.
And they call to leave a message.
No one ever came to the telephone.
It sent me straight to the.
You need to give her a raise.
Please call me back to verify.
may have misheard it.
Spending less time waiting for an answer.
I'm mostly very pleased with the outgoing of message on your telephone answering machine with a woman speaking slowly and distinctly who always answers the call.
Or your representative gave to me.
All went well on this phone call.
Never gotten her cards or welcome package.
Actually I've never had a bad experience in calling the customer service number.
There was confusion about my account with someone else's due to entering the wrong number.
But no his IPA did not allow it.
He gave me my answer up front.
But to cut down on phone time when people trying to promote to UHC.
Your person was right on the number.
The lady was right on the ball.
So I'll try to call back another time.
It had to do with a denial of payment.
Your representative gave me found the information very quickly.
So she also had to wait on the line when she was checking on the claim.
Gave me all the information I needed in a timely manner.
I'm still waiting (unclear) back to the telephone.
The computers was running slow today.
This morning I went to the Coral Springs Aquatic Center and I was informed that my membership had expired.
But it appears as if there has been no communication between Optum and Preferred and I'm still left in limbo regarding my membership at the Coral Springs Aguatic Center.
They had sent it to the old address and we corrected it.
Accepted all the explanations the young lady gave me.
I gave the information about my first call.
At this point I have no suggestions for improvement.
Gave me the information I needed.
They did no recognize my birth date.
Everything was fine thank you except for the automated entry into the system.
Answers were right at her finger tips at all times.
And got the proper paperwork in the mail to me.
there were (unclear) forms that and I'll be filling some out for them to receive them in the mail.
Initial confusion with the doctor being assigned to me first.
Easier to get to a representative.
The agent never came back on the line.
Give him a raise.
I'll call again if needed.
Done with the survey.
I'm having trouble with getting on the computer with my password.
I give her A plus all across the board.
Gave me answers.
Gladys on reference I126518479 did just fine.
Had a hard time trying to resign on the website.
She Clarified all of my questions and (unclear) the systems as needed.
They've escalated the prices.
I'm still waiting on an inquiry on a denied.
They have difficulty picking up diction.
We found out how to handle the problem.
The representative handled the call expeditiously very pleasantly.
Had the ability to contact the person directly that needed to make the decision.
Explained why some benefits were not being paid.
Send me out the information that I have requested on numerous occasions.
My doctor was not in your system.
Worked his butt off trying to solve the situation.
No changes needed to be made.
But I don't with a line in it.
You should give her a raise and a promotion.
She helped us several times not just on my call but on previous calls.
Had to call back twice.
I prefer to speak to an agent rather than to the recorded voice.
Got me my information and I'm very happy.
He was clearly reading things perhaps for the first time from a computer.
And I'm glad to take the survey.
Y'all hit the all right on the bullet head.
You could've had a better deduction on (unclear).
And she needs a raise 6192528047 is my number.
I'm waiting for the resolution yet.
But perhaps the small delay in waiting for the transfer from the main health people over to the pharmacy people but really 20 30 seconds was not bad.
or talking with her.
She gave me 3 names of doctors who are taking appointments.
And I'm told that that should've been solved years ago by just giving us a temporary address on a permanent basis.
And she guided me into the right way to do the appeal process.
He really was an exceptional customer service from the minute he answered the phone.
Nothing really enjoyed the conversations and took care of the problem.
When I go to the dentist today.
One thing is I have to enter my member ID.
Gave me all the information.
I was sent to the survey without talking to the representative.
They satisfied all of my needs today.
I pressed the wrong button at the beginning.
Prior approval process and the people that handle that the case was denied at no reason.
It would've been a little bit better to go directly to the representative rather than going roundabout on an automatic call list.
they had had found that the check had been received in the correct amount.
You could have connected me to the previous two.
And she's calling me back with some information.
gentleman knew exactly how to hand the account.
You're waiting from the doctor.
Found me a doctor that's close to my home.
But then you started taking the survey.
The telephone had a lot of static in it.
Give her a raise.
This is Michael Smidd calling for Julie Smidd.
(Unclear) conversation ahead with the young man that gave me the information that I needed.
Repeat the same information (unclear) different times and still nobody knew what to do.
Mailed everything out that was requested the first time.
Not denied my claim to start with.
So you should accommodate her.
follows the format but the amount of time it was taking the representative to get from one set of information to another was quite a while.
I was hung up on at least five or six times by your automated system.
So I'm extremely upset (unclear) very annoyed at being hung up by an automated service at least six times.
Didn't give me the right information.
And you can call me at 2052004840.
You could do away with talking to these machines.
To take (unclear) on the machine faster.
Never called me back after me leaving a message for customer service.
And that's what he has listed on his card under PCP name.
The second one was having computer problems.
He was definitely dialing the wrong numbers.
At the beginning of the call I was trying to provide answers to the automated questions.
I went from automated system to this.
Took the call from Miss Patricia.
My problem was resolved to my satisfaction.
You need to get rid of the menu.
But carrying the name still.
Less time waiting on the representative.
The nine on that first question was an error.
Transferring that J and J did to United Health.
Followed up on everything I asked.
Because she's going to try to resubmit the stuff.
And they do come first priority.
Give her a raise give her a recommendation.
This has been an ongoing problem with the billing.
We've gotten (unclear) letters from the previous carrier and yet the bill has not been paid.
that would've been sufficient rather than having to call.
It could've took a shorter period of time to get a hold of the pharmacy to straighten out the ordeal.
Too many options to get to a representative.
I'm taking medication and you upped the price tremendously.
He spoke with my doctor's office about the billing issue that I had.
and I called the number that's on the back of my card.
They relieved my mind about my dad's situation.
The automated system did not work for me.
I'm just waiting for a call back from your representative.
But I hate the recorded messages.
Representative should've had more information on my questions.
She got me set up with my rider on the dental.
It was necessary for me to verify myself to three separate individuals.
Instead had to call a vendor to confirm it.
Person could've answered the call a little quicker.
Even though I gave all the information for my travel plans.
And the person took care of the problem within ten minutes.
Would prefer not to get a sales pitch.
Wait around and give you the information.
They keep swapping me around.
Why after doing that his claim was turned down.
And after 5 months of not receiving a card being told it's in the mail.
According to what the gentleman told me.
And her responses to qualify the billing for it were most accurate.
Could've had someone with a better knowledge of the system.
They told me everything from my supplemental plan to plan D.
Handled the gym membership before it came a problem.
But she said please hold for a survey.
No one had any knowledge of that.
I got my question answered in what was probably the third or fourth call to United Health.
(Unclear) waited on the phone so long.
How can I make her appointment.
It was the automation part before I got connected to the representative.
Could've made it easier to reach the service.
I recommend highly giving her a raise.
Hang up the phone and go away.
The issue has not been resolved it's in suspense.
It would've been nice to get a heads up either by email or by postal mail on the changes in the signing in process.
I'm looking for a official letter or email telling me that my out of pocket max was made.
Trying to avoid so many phone calls every day.
Expressed my concerns because it was taking the representative.
The volume of the agent is a little low and certainly wouldn't be able to be understood by someone who's wearing a hearing aid.
It had to do with adjusting my rent.
ever had to make.
Was patient and kind and followed through to a successful conclusion.
You could've had the information closer at hand.
Took care of my needs and in a very timely manner.
My first call was not using a satisfactory answer.
So I'm just having to get a lot of information as a new member.
Not go through all the (unclear) of all your different forms that you have to go through on the phone.
It would be nice that you'd have sent a letter close to the end of the year.
When I'm asking very patient specific questions.
The recording couldn't understand the date I was putting.
And walked me right through it.
And to have resolved the problem before sending the letter.
Getting to a customer service representative a little bit sooner.
They called the wrong number.
Didn't leave a message.
He gave me all of the information.
Took care of me promptly.
And got into detail with me.
I Barbara (unclear) returning the survey.
So we ended up (unclear) discussion in the office as a result.
And they tell me that the cost calculator is just an estimate.
Enjoyed talking to the representative.
It didn't go to the survey.
Not to ask us about medical awareness program when we called about dental.
You could get your staff on resolving these issues better.
They tried everything in the world.
Process the claim a little bit faster that was sent in.
Particularly in the area where they ask to confirm the address.
Set to be a little speedier with the computer and getting the information.
It seems that many of the names that were recommended their offices are not accepting your insurance.
You could've had a human answer the phone in the first place.
She gave me all that information and a phone number.
This is Jo Champion calling about my husband Thurrod Markley ID number XXX.
They got the number for me.
But they sent me a bill.
She walked me through all of the different storage.
Daniel is the third representative I've talked to there in the last two days to try and find a name for an ophthalmologist.
it satisfied all the questions I had.
Not just sat here with a telephone in my ear and music playing.
My husband's reward card has yet to show up.
And so they keep sending her out of the county.
And I'm back with the my original doctor.
She's not able to get out.
When I've called in before I've always had trouble with your automated answering system.
After all this time on the phone with her.
Just had a moment to read the bill.
Because we have not gotten the medication.
Enjoyed talking with her.
The claim was rejected because the claim department was not aware of my coverage.
He was sending the information out for me.
The confusion just was for the adjustment of evidence of coverage rider for going onto public aid.
Besides our prescription needs Anthony was able to help us with logging into the web site because we had goofed up a password.
I see no shortages on the call.
The hospital sent it and sent it and sent it.
Refund the money back right away.
If we could've fixed the issue immediately.
This is my second attempt to try and get the card.
This was a question where is an eyeglass facility that is covered by the plan.
4 minutes trying to get a ride to the doctor's office and to get a confirmation of it.
So or got the correct information.
Gave me the answers.
To be immediately able to go to a representative.
Under the circumstances and all the person that provided the information was Johnny.
Not sounded like the person was reading from a script.
There was a lot of static and disturbance on the line.
I think you want the individual to key in the number 9.
Or they couldn't find the answer.
So it was just again letters not coinciding with phone calls.
At the moment I have no (unclear).
I've been calling there looking for different types of doctors.
That's who I'm answering the survey for Jessica.
You could have speeded up the time.
I'm still waiting to speak to an agent because of my grievance.
Not having to repeat my member ID number more than once.
The phones always answered promptly.
The issue was pending so that's a perfectly adequate response.
I've been having trouble reaching the person.
The doctor did not give them the right information.
apparently the letter was sent in error.
I'm going to call my case manager.
And call back when necessary.
The one thing might be to forward a page or two of the record that the patient requested.
The (unclear) should have been sent sooner.
Quick response satisfied my call.
Got all the information I needed.
Even to speaking clearly and clearing up details.
Trying to listen to my call representative.
The representative was not able to resend the letter to me.
Communicated with me sooner.
In this situation on this particular phone call.
But the issue is not resolved at this moment.
To have the callus looked at.
The representative gave information that is given to them which is totally incorrect.
But some type of way we were disconnected.
I'll have to call them Monday.
The computer voice rerouted me to the wrong place on 2 occasions.
And he verified my provider for me in a quick manner.
I've had to call several times on a certain issue.
So far the only place I've seen it available is at the pharmacies.
The second call that I had to follow up on my April 30th request.
Followed up on the financial situation of my billing.
And they probably have a certain time limit on their phone call.
Gave me the information I needed.
To give it some time.
Should I need it.
Because the booklet did not come to him.
It was the new procedure to get into safety ID that is challenging.
Just completely resolved the concern with saving that the money in question had been credited to the account.
Listen carefully and understand the reason for the call.
Because there was a mix up as to my coverage for passport.
It has no record of me setting up.
Could've had a specialist that knew more information.
Because not everybody spends time on the Internet.
Called the doctor's office and solved my problem.
Not received the order to begin with.
You could tell me about the vision.
A phone number would've been great thanks.
There was a lot of chatting from the representative.
It reduces my confidence in the gentleman.
Just put a person on the line quicker.
They need to be eliminated from your list.
They always come through with the right answers.
The call today is in reference to a follow up from a situation that supposedly was handled the end of April but was not followed through on properly.
Twice now I've had a very courteous person not have the correct information at their disposal.
It moves a little too fast getting the information.
Nobody takes this passport.
Transferring to the right departments could've been easier.
But if it hasn't been mailed by the.
Gave me the information I needed.
It was hard to find the correct number to call in to change the address.
We just were not clear on what the payments are.
But I thank you for adding my name on the list.
My first call to Jessica was dropped.
The only issue was the computer delay at the end of.
Had to transfer to several numbers to get an answer.
and then they asked me my birthday.
My problem was taken care of.
And the assistance that I received today.
I was disconnected in the middle of the conversation.
Nobody returned a call.
I appreciate the fact that you cut down on the number of questions in the survey.
She took my calls and gave me the information.
Know how to look up statements that comes in the mail.
It should take me one call.
Confirming the numbers as they were given for the account.
And she says that your telephone system does that on occasion it drops the information.
Other than giving it to me for free.
They say do not pay.
Instead of me having to call all these numbers.
I was in the middle of a conversation with Natasha in the benefits department.
Instead of telling me that my policy was canceled.
It's got to be your telephone system.
He went way beyond the call of duty in order to get the answers done.
Representative didn't actually pick up the phone.
So I'm waiting for another phone call to answer your questions.
Their automated phone system kept interrupting me.
There was a long wait on the phone in between information.
The best help that I've had in any call I've ever made to your office.
And then sent me to another.
Trying to actually hear the other agent.
on the last question you asked.
I've called on different occasions and there always seems to be a glitch with the computers.
I've sent in the power of attorney.
Instead of leaving it to me to prod the representative.
My problem was corrected and solved from the agent.
Doctor Kamaho is what you name on the card and my doctor.
It had to repeat numbers had to repeat the menu so the robot is not friendly to supporting members.
I'll get you to the right number.
Get you to another number.
Apparently there was new people checking the mail and didn't list it.
I think just better communication in getting the order filled.
Went back to sign in.
Not send me a bill.
They answered the phone right away.
I'll call back later on.
There was no wait on the phone.
There was one bit of information which is unavailable due to the computer being down.
She answered my questions about house calls as well.
After four tries calling your system's down your system was down.
He straightened my out on all my bills.
the representative explained what was.
Was my first time calling the pharmacy.
But the referral process you have is cumbersome.
Trying to get this resolved.
Sent out a summary of a list of doctors and pharmacies that I'm able to go to.
Survey would come on.
Made it a little quicker to call in.
There were no problems and understood the agent said.
He went over and beyond the call of duty.
This morning I was speaking to Miss (Unclear) on the phone.
You could find some way of getting the hold time shortened a bit.
It took a long time for everything to be updated on the account.
The transfer to another department would not work.
(Unclear) took care of all my answers.
Took a little time to get some information.
I'm just waiting on the claim to get processed.
Was not the call today.
Don't doctors list is way out of date.
So there should be some kind of way of interrupting the survey when people get an incoming call.
So they gave me the number.
The information that I needed was given.
Processed the calls more quickly would be my only suggestion.
Told me what it would cost in the coverage gap.
You answered within one minute of my dialing.
(Unclear) could give me some breathing treatments.
Sometimes it was only bits and pieces and not the whole picture.
put together have done.
The numbers I put in are accurate.
Let us know what was going on with the letter or something before the curve.
Well for the first thing you get a computer answering the calls.
The wait was too long to talk to a representative.
Assisted me in my search for a doctor a little better for a specialist.
So I need a representative.
Please give her a raise.
You could do it in a more timely manner.
You could've answered the phone.
Include coverage for what I called about.
John who finally resolved this issue after three attempts from other reps and other (unclear).
I've got no problems other than that.
Got me names and addresses.
You have screwed up on my bank account.
Well the last person gave me all the information.
on the bottle that they send.
It was with getting the authorization.
Give her a raise.
And took care of it right away without any problems.
Got my information right away.
It's going to have to go in regular mail.
get back to the survey.
You met all of my expectations.
My address shows up (unclear).
All this information for $1060 was all sent to the office but no one followed through.
No one sent the letter.
No one gave me any information.
Could have been quicker in placing my order for an FOBT.
Took time to call places.
And the operator asked for it again.
The automated system is kind of difficult to get through.
Put me on hold.
Gave the information I needed.
It doesn't give us the right addresses to.
Our cards don't give us the right addresses to got to.
You've added a middleman to the process of getting a referral.
The girls were dumber than a box of rocks.
My problem was taken care of without any hassle.
it wasn't even a person it was the recording.
There was promptness all the way around.
Couldn't even get a hold of a supervisor.
I needed a little bit more understanding about the differences in the price of physicals and exams.
This took three calls for us to get the information.
This was my third of 4th call to get this situation treated.
It was a little bit of difficulty trying to find the medications with the list.
I'm going to use the recommendations that was given to me.
The first time all I got was a busy signal.
That's because the job is not done correctly.
Unable to understand some of her refer responses.
They drive me to drink.
And then that wasn't transferred to the second person.
I called about Levamere flex pens being sold in broken boxes.
And this call was identified by I as in ivory 127087262.
And I cannot give you a higher recommendation for Kendall.
'Cause it's happened every time I've ever made a payment over the phone.
And that could've been just the quality of the line connection.
Lots of information was given to me today.
It asks for my birthday and I attempted to enter my birthday.
But then this third call she was able to pull up the information.
You were right on the money.
And gave me more information.
They called the doctor office and let them.
I'd give her a great rating.
Trying to cooperate with her to get to a live person.
Able to cover more of my bill than they are covering.
Answered as needed.
They could've send me a new card.
And sent me to the (unclear) time.
My complaint is not about the call.
She assisted me with several questions and reached out to different facilities to acquire the answer.
The fact is that I missed appointments.
Or that it shows up on the Internet on the dial up access.
It takes time to mail stuff out.
That would make you know or on one site.
The next person transferred me.
Doing some research finding out about us with our representative but was he was pleasant.
And I'm sending in a check.
There seemed to be some trouble with the computer.
The results will have to wait for but very satisfied with the call.
Just make it easier to get to a representative.
There was no need or room for improvement.
So hopefully it's corrected with the forth phone call.
The other day when I called on the.
And so I'm still hoping to get back to the deparmtent with the health assessment.
So in the mean time I deleted the number.
Made it easier to get to the representative.
They put you on hold.
It was a bit difficult to understand the person on the phone.
Give him a raise immediately.
In this particular phone call and the information that was needed.
Spelling of the name when you've asked it three times.
And it had a completely different number than any of the phone numbers on my card.
Have a person answer the phone instead of giving us that robo call.
And told her that there's something wrong with the survey.
Except for the survey.
Keep her on staff.
And Julie called the billing office.
Should have connected me to a representative and not to a survey.
It was going through to my spam.
I've been sent to collections by one doctor.
Just try to minimize the silence when the representatives are searching for the information.
I plan to take this to the next level.
Every time I call I get superb outstanding service.
And came back with me with the appropriate answer.
Probably not pushed the monthly payments so much.
Get somebody on the line faster.
my first call sooner.
Not sure if that was the phone connection.
I have no complaints about the way this call was handled.
I'll give you guys a 10 on helping me on that call.
The only difficulty I had was with the accent.
Got the information for me.
But she said to call back on Monday.
Maybe not send the letter in the first place.
He had the answers right at the fingertips.
All went well on this call.
And gave me the information I needed on two different issues.
It was like a friend calling a friend.
Speak with more information that was at the top of the.
Couldn't have improvised the service.
I've given you all the information.
She's working through every step of the process.
Just waiting to see the results.
Everything was perfect on my phone call today.
It wasn't the call it was the letter I received in the mail.
That one told me to go to the website and register.
The letter doesn't communicate the information correctly like it should but.
It took forever to get to a real live person.
Enjoyed talking to him.
Appreciate the young man that gave me the information.
And just made my day.
It just went to the survey automatically.
It appears there was an error in your mailings.
You've been sending emails and giving me order numbers.
That your department would do eighty percent.
Give her a gold star for today.
Trying to resolve it.
And I get people dropping off the phone.
And appreciated the information I got in a short time.
Somebody hit the wrong keys on the keyboard.
I've had more problems with paperwork records etcetera.
Shaqueeth was the agent that handled my call.
Appreciated all the help that the representative gave me.
Needed to get handled.
They've left messages with my office.
Made a couple of calls to take care of problem and resolved it completely over the phone.
I'll hope at least one of them is taking new patients.
They never came back to the line.
So having separate sheets I guess or print outs on specialty.
You got to resolve your log in process.
Got the information that I needed.
in what has taken place.
The problem was at the doctor's office.
Or you send it out to the elderly.
Talked to several different people.
The initial recording could not understand me.
Just waiting on the letter.
It had to do with the hearing benefit in our plan.
I've been dealing with a claim that.
(Unclear) And I was told this is a permanent system error.
A single number rather than having to call two different numbers.
Not have to speak to two different representatives.
Made it made it a little easier to report a possible fraud involving your company.
No they gave me very good information.
The only issue was transferring between departments sometimes but that was not a major issue.
Call was answered fine and correctly.
So it was no problem with the call today.
I'm trying to find out some information.
I'm willing to pay the money.
some forms sent to me and.
Not have so many transfers to get to the right spot.
She was professional she called the people to see if they were accepting new patients.
Carlton found me some pulmonary doctors.
Gave me some numbers.
Got me straightened out with the drug store and I'm all set.
You should give her a bonus.
So they cannot get the whole picture.
He even got a conference call going with the provider whose bill was in question.
The wait time waiting on someone to deal with my problem.
Even though they say it is correct in their computer.
Have the billing department get their act together.
The length of time waiting to talk to someone.
Especially the treatment I received from Miss April.
Well I've been on the phone with two different people.
Make it easier to get in touch with people.
My phone sometimes (unclear) out.
The recordings to get to the departments are terrible.
The gentleman John and his last name starts with a small S or he gave me a S.
Gave me the information I need.
Not to stay long on the phone.
And your person was having a hard time finding the (unclear) the dentist.
could've offered to do.
Had more information in your system about why I was calling.
The only thing was to get a hold of (unclear) pharmacy.
Explain why this one item was not covered under insurance.
I'm supposed to receive $200.
The problem I'm having is with the program on the PC.
Just had a hard time hearing his voice.
They need to be informing the agency.
But she's making every effort to find out.
You know for the evaluation of her call.
Keepers we use that term.
He resolved my change of address without any hitches.
And she's going to call back.
Perhaps had somebody familiar with California.
After people sign up so I'm shopping around for a new company.
Explanation of why something was denied.
Too hard to get to a representative.
I give you a A plus.
I thought the survey was at the end of the talk with the representative.
Answer my question about the claim as to why it was not paid.
Takes way too long to get the results desired.
Find me a zip code in the (unclear) that I was questioning.
So I'd give her an A plus.
Your services should have been set up from (unclear).
Gave me the information I needed.
When I get off the phone.
Yet they will pay claims from them.
Today's the first day I got some information from Karla.
Sometimes I ask them later in the call.
Instead of having to go with all the numbers.
The first person connected me to the wrong extension.
The information received because after the coverage gap it doesn't appear to be correct.
Receiving my payment which didn't come out automatically.
That was the worst part of the call was trying to deal with the automated system.
And took my questions.
Just had given me the name of the local representative in Kansas City Missouri.
It skips and drops my call at times.
So I used the call in number.
Give her a raise.
They gave me the run around.
The survey must kick in after the conversation.
Enjoyed talking to him.
The representative could have listened to the questions and asked more questions before a long arduous whatever the time period.
I've called numerous times and given the correct address.
You can communicate with another.
You refer me back to Dexcom.
You could've paid the whole bill.
Not provided a list of a complete.
We didn't have any issues with finding a doctor.
Others have rushed me off of the phone.
Under the circumstances every whatever was on the plate has been resolved.
It was perfect conversation and resolution of the problem.
And I gave tens for the first three answers.
But when it said is my issue resolved.
It won't take it and I'm taking forever trying to get to a customer service agent.
I'm supposed to talk to a supervisor.
The supervisor called me this morning (unclear) stay on the line.
The representative at Optum needed to be more familiar with the plan.
They need to have some elocution lessons.
It took a little while to get connected to the rewards department.
On the previous call to this I was disconnected.
The problem ended up being with the hospital Kaiser (unclear).
I've got a member number.
Not sent the letter out that caused the call.
I've been transferred from one person to another.
We covered all the bases.
Found me eligible.
38 and she's going to send me out the corrected document.
You gave me perfect information.
And it caused several phone calls.
I'll just wait for the mail.
It had nothing to do with the call.
Actually five times when it was transferred supposedly to the dental person but it was transferred back to the survey.
However getting into your system through the phone (unclear) was frustrating.
Mike has placed me on hold waiting to speak to the account specialist.
I'm waiting for it to be resolved.
That picks up the phone.
No reason to ask any further questions after talking to the representative.
When you give out raises give her a big one.
Other than have a voice therapist closer to me.
they give me good answers.
Routed my phone call to the west coast instead of the east coast.
He gave me all the pertinent information.
Got me enrolled.
Sent is sending me a new card.
And helped with my payment.
And they say it's because it was under the wrong code.
You call on different occasions.
I need direction for adding exercise.
And often times the information being given to the various entity happens to not be the phone.
So that I wasn't being billed by a provider.
You could've put me in net work.
Got the information I needed.
Everything was good with my service and getting me through all the phone agents.
Maybe it was just the wait time to get the information.
Give her a raise.
Maybe because of the phone number.
Give me the proper information that I needed.
However I've received correspondence in the mail from United and it's asking for information that's a little bit difficult to fill out.
You could've connected me to the number.
Yes had an order.
Got my answers and very quickly.
By getting my orders out to me.
Please repeat the call back number more than once.
The problem was with the form on the computer and she showed me how to navigate it.
I was confused in terms of the phone number.
Call was perfect with Terryn.
Gave us all the information we asked for.
I'm waiting for a representative.
I need slower speech.
Went to extraordinary measures to get .
Get my letter sent out sooner.
Preferably not to use a machine.
They need to give me the full name of the plan.
My problem is trying to sign in on the internet.
Gave me good information.
On the second question I pressed the wrong number.
They award that to me with my disability.
It's hard to get through the prompts.
There seemed to be a lot of static on the line today.
I have no complaints for the new renewed card on there.
Give her a raise.
I put the wrong number on the first one.
You could've answered my telephone call.
It the agent took a lot of time with me.
Just get me signed on to the Internet.
The lady had a difficult job finding me a new dermatologist.
Not having to wait while they find information.
But some people just need paper documents.
And I'm at a loss to explain that he is not on this dental provider book.
Made it easier for them to find my password.
Call could've been handled more quickly.
So I'll have to say that one the next message.
Satisfied with the answers that I received today.
Had to check on different things.
So she will return my call tomorrow.
Initially asked what I'm calling about.
The number one would be (unclear) and the good manners that I received from the representative and the knowledge of the subject that I of my inquiry.
When we call the main number.
That would've saved a phone call.
I'm calling from California and customer service rep by the name of (unclear) was excellent.
This goes out to everyone from Manilla and to the Philippines Filipino and to the Filipino.
Enjoyed talking to the rep.
Just tried to resolve a problem about dosage.
Transferred me to the correct person to speak to.
Trying to coordinate forms and figuring out why my passport was not registered causing all these problems.
The only thing that I would've liked is a number directly to the supplier.
And always been exceptional when I talk to a customer service member.
Even though I got all the information.
And at the beginning of this year with some of the agents.
Got to the point.
Set me up with my fetch.
When you go on that recording.
I'm just trying to make an appointment.
Been connected without being disconnected.
It was just trying to get a complete resolution.
The wait time on the phones for an operator to come on and talk to you.
Also trying to explain clearly in the phone.
When we were talking to the people on the other side of the end.
Satisfied on the phone with the receptionist that do good stuff.
Had somebody confident answer the phone.
All calls need to be referenced very clearly.
The person who is scheduling the wellness visits should speak more clearly and louder.
You could have had the information updated on the screen.
Didn't get to speak to no one.
I'm appealing a particular charge for an annual physical which got coded incorrectly by my doctor's office.
Will someone call me back again? 7728733032.
And the block in green still reads that I was online.
I think you should get a phone call from a number in the United States.
So give her a raise.
Not only with the results but also with the way the call was handled.
On my first call to connect me to the right department.
It was easy to talk to the customer service person.
I'm waiting on a call back and for a reference-.
Could've got the representative to speak on the phone sooner.
She looked into it calling up the doctor calling Spectera calling Superior Vision.
Came up with the right answers the first time.
My statement got lost in the mail.
Answered my questions when I called a month ago.
But I'm going to check it all out in the paperwork.
Sent me the next bill.
Probably to be able to explain the secondary insurance.
after you know.
Answer the question I called about.
I'm calling the doctor back.
Give him a raise.
We were having a problem with my medical card.
Only (unclear) had paid my bill.
So I just call the number on the back of my card.
And checked on what needed to be checked on.
Well my cousin took my phone call.
You put me directly to the.
Unless you paid my bill.
Give her a raise.
The actual information that I needed was not in the system.
He gave me 5 star doctors to get in contact with.
Got right to the point.
Give him a raise.
Could have answered the phone in a timely way.
Just took a shorter amount of time to resolve my issue.
Explained it to me.
gave me a lot of information.
The wait time for a representative to get on the line.
His name did not come up in your listing.
Trying to actually get through to you on your phone system.
I took care of two accounts with no problem.
Made it easier for me to reach the agent.
Sometimes I'm getting conflicting information.
They had to call three or four different numbers just to change (unclear).
Connected me to a person and not ask questions at this time.
And the other two just I had a difficulty.
But the information I needed should've been on the ID card.
I've heard nothing from the provider.
Which seems like a long time since May in regard to my receiving this information.
They could condense the paperwork.
Could not fill out the forms.
I think the call.
And every time you've got to give them your number again your date of birth.
I'm waiting for the answer.
My first call was quite difficult because the woman was having computer problems.
Solved the problem without giving me another extension.
Just the speed of the computer it was extra slow today.
The answered it quickly.
Kept the call shorter.
You could've sent me an ice cream.
So that it makes it easier to make a selection.
The associate is looking for the answer and will return my call.
Previously I've had trouble making a quick connection to you.
You got one hell of a customer service representative in her.
So perhaps the inability to get a speedier response from the records before the representative.
In this instance speaking to this customer service advocate she went far beyond the expectations.
He does not have one of his own and so we referred him to a local representative in Pueblo Colorado.
They could not provide me with the MBC number to be used.
They're still billing me for it.
Rather than having to call.
The CSR I dealt with.
I'm waiting to get back to the doctor's office to get more information.
And got me a fax number.
And your robot has got to go.
I'm ready to go to court.
They assist me in achieving in whatever goal I'm calling about.
The only complaint that I've ever had is in the transportation scheduling and I believe its in the routing element of the scheduling.
Had no problem answering my question completely.
Agent did their job as required.
The representative answered my question and even gave me additional information.
But when they enter one it'll kick the other one out because this occurred on the same date.
Several of them and straighten this out at that time there with their finance department.
No information is provided every time I ask for a clarification.
Explaining why my prescription was so high.
You can count on that.
Got me referrals with the (unclear) immediately.
You met all my needs.
Provide me with the subject matter that I needed.
This is not the first time I've spoken to one of the representatives from UHC.
But when they ask for a birthday don't treat the caller like a baby and tell them how to state their birth date.
Got the job done.
You handled my questions perfectly.
lended an ear to my complaints.
So and I pay a higher premium.
This experience was the best I've ever had calling UHC.
But was the number he would truly be paying for a product at the pharmacy.
I have no issues at all on the phone.
And they blind transferred me over to an area that was closed.
Got everything set up on auto pay.
On page 5 of the mailing I just received.
Notified me sooner.
It was my mistake on a different bill.
Try to identify why the denial came through in the beginning.
They took my card and to verify it.
Kosek is not in the plan.
For the amount of calls I made.
I have a small amount of trouble understanding the speech on the phone.
My problem was taken care of immediately.
You could get a human to answer the phones instead of a machine.
On the initial pick up you need to.
The phone prompt were hard to navigate other.
When the phone call on the first phone call I got a bunch of advertisements for various products.
Your medication have already gone out.
As far as the representative I got excellent results.
The representative could have used her phone microphone better.
There was a lot of echo on her microphone.
Giving me a representative to talk to instead of just the survey.
You should keep him as an employee.
All the information is there.
You could've sent me to a place that got better prices on Humilog.
We had an expiration date on our credit card which I called in plenty of time.
They sent a verification of that.
Less time waiting for a copy of a statement.
Got the information I needed.
Instead of having to sit with a rep.
They were like two angels sent from heaven.
But this is my third or fourth request on the same item.
Get my instructions right the first time.
Other than sending the confirmation sooner.
This was my second call today about the same thing.
The first person gave me incorrect information.
And took time to answer all of my questions in detail.
And there are other items that came in on that same claim.
That way if there's a discrepancy about a service that might have been performed.
And I would refer all my friends and family to UHC.
Of giving me information and helping me.
The prompts (unclear).
Explained it to me.
Could've gotten me to a representative more quickly.
On my call today the ladies were excellent.
The ladies gave me quick fast service.
They gave me the information right away.
And apparently your records were not updated.
I'm having trouble getting anyone to fill them.
I see on different dates the same information.
It showed at the end my share.
I'm pulling my hair out.
But I've made several other calls about the same thing.
One of your people sent me paperwork.
Left him seven messages and no returned phone call.
No one picked up the phone.
Kelly gave me the information I asked for in the quickest and most effective way possible.
They settled a problem with the billing.
So the rep that I'm talking to today has submitted it to the claims review.
He offered to call the pharmacy.
All of the information that the man gave me was excellent.
A detailed letter telling them what they approve of or what they can apply for.
When you send out these statements fill in all the amounts.
I'm still on the phone with one of them.
So I need more explanation.
2 persons were the same person (unclear) speak correctly.
Had part of it turned around.
So there were no improvements in the process.
I've also put a grievance in on that.
And took care of the situation.
Explained it to me.
To be able to reach a correspondent more easily.
The first one gave me something about the first alert.
I want to give her the highest rating.
Found my check.
Fill in the form for me.
Never did get to do the survey in the beginning.
And looking forward to receiving a call back either later today or tomorrow to resolve the issue completely.
And the first question didn't go through.
Talking to them and getting everything set up and helping me with the web site.
We have difficulty in hearing even with hearing aids.
The operator could have had a little bit more of a projection in his voice.
Got the information I needed.
(Unclear) question and she provided me already to you for the survey.
And she didn't provide me a reference number for the conversation.
You resolved all my problems fine.
The way you could do it better is wait to do the survey until the transaction is completed as it was announced at the beginning of the call.
The representative could have been a little more informed about the new shingles shots.
Not made it necessary for me to call in the first place.
Anytime I've called I've had great luck with your company.
So you could provide more information as to why claims were denied.
Having someone in my network closer to me.
Your recording said it was one question.
You took care of my questions.
in talking to the representative there.
The call was okay but I'm calling to complain about the website.
It wasn't in agreement with the drugs that were listed in my drug book.
Answered my question and that was it.
took care of everything right from the start.
Only to clarify something the second time and both representatives were exceptional.
Handled the question successfully.
Not a letter but an envelope.
The letter said it was gonna have an envelope enclosed.
Made me calm down.
(Unclear) received some of the messages breaking up a little bit here and there.
Instead of putting me on the survey.
Give her high marks.
They gave me lots of information.
Not hold me on the phone.
Kierra is beautiful manners over the phone.
had all the information that I.
I'll give you a call back.
It's it was just things that crossed in the mail.
On the first use.
I am waiting on the response from the operator later today.
And got me squared away.
'Cause I entered the wrong number on the last question.
The information I received today was more accurate than the information from the representative yesterday.
I've called in before regarding this issue.
Got the correct spelling we reinforced that.
Have person on the phone instead of the (unclear).
There was a mistake on my bill.
And he relieved a lot of concerns we had over our prescription coverage.
Sylvia was extremely helpful with handling this situation answering questions about the penalty that could be incurred which shouldn't be incurred.
Addressed me by name and completed call in a very professional way.
There was a young lady on the phone named Amber.
Trying to get to talk to a representative is.
I'm still trying to talk to a representative.
Always have been with UHC.
Give him a raise.
Could've made the form that I needed available online.
she wasn't able to get a hold of the people sending the bill.
And with the medical center that's in Hollandale.
I've encountered and I've been using health care logins a lot.
You need to give her an outstanding evaluation.
Put her in line for a promotion and a raise.
You need to give her a raise.
To find out why a claim was denied.
We could look up records online.
The ability to hear.
Give me the right number to start with.
Speeded up the time frame for the change to happen.
And I will recommend her (unclear) to other customers.
Got all my answers for me.
And then have to be reimbursed and send out forms.
My second call to resolve the problem was actually my fault.
Your representative Gerald picked up my question and is carrying the ball.
Perhaps it was a dropped call or a transfer didn't work.
And knowing when there were changes in coverage and also (unclear) addresses (unclear).
Sometimes when (unclear) the addresses of the members in the book because of the book.
Made sure I had the correct doctor.
Found out answers to the questions that I asked.
Looking through it and make it happen.
The purpose of my call was to make sure that the.
I reached kind of the doughnut hole coverage gap.
However you are not responsible for paying the amount.
You reacted to the call excellently.
The gentleman answered my question and got a resolution to the problem.
The representative gave me the information very quickly.
And she told me that I'll be getting some papers in the mail about the program.
And then my last job was customer service supervisor at Jeep Tech.
It was my error in submitting the wrong information.
I'd hire her in a heartbeat.
And she couldn't tell me whether there was a gap in the coverage for the fitting.
No one would answer the phone.
I'm calling about a prescription.
It took a little while to find the doctor.
I'll pay the bill.
At some point in time cover chiropractic.
I'm still waiting for more answers.
More clarity on the speaking into the phone to understand.
Explained it all to me.
Given a list of the tablets you can choose from.
The computer was down part of the time during the call.
Sent me a check for a million dollars.
And this goes out to everyone in Manilla.
Other than the amount of time that it took.
By eliminating maybe one or two of the questions.
And asking for a new plan.
But it was updated by the person who just handled the call now.
And we will go from there.
The information I needed was provided.
You need to take them off your list.
she gave me the number to call them in the morning.
Be able to resolve my issue when I call.
Even if you're just calling the operator and asking for information.
Difficult to get the phone number of the department that I needed.
They give very clear explanations.
Sent me to a representative (unclear) take me straight to the survey.
Made the conversation shorter.
And trying to resolve them.
And so the recording saying to check online.
And they were happy to share with me additional names of of providers.
This goes out to everyone from Manila.
It needs to go to my post office box.
Had made a type.
Helped find my plan much quicker.
Whatever happened they lost a check in the mail.
But I'm working out with new doctors.
It's always an assurance whenever I call.
gave me the right answer.
passed me on to the rewards people.
We got all the answers together.
It took awhile to get from the initial call to the representative however.
In addition to the information that I was requesting.
So my frustration with the transaction was not.
Helped with every question and offered to help with my additional billing from before which was back in April.
Especially putting in my member ID number or at least saying it.
The machine just could not pick up the numbers in the correct order.
Inside it was as thick as a Readers Digest Magazine and I am a mail gentleman.
I've sent a copy of it to the postmaster general.
Transferred me to the (unclear) department.
So to find out if he was in the network.
And went to extra lengths to find out the information for me.
Give Shirley a raise.
So he referred me to the Humana people.
And had everything handled without any.
Only to have personnel like Mrs Marta who gives their attention to the people who call with problems.
And I'd receive another phone call.
They had to reach out to tech support.
Expectations need to be set and met by your team.
We will be in the process of filing an appeal.
Give him a raise.
I was being billed double by an internet company.
And to get them to correct the bill.
You should give her a raise.
how the member number got to the claim.
Not have changed the web site in the beginning.
We needed a card replacement and it's going to be in the mail.
The issue is with the website providing prescription drugs EOBs and she handled that issue by sending us one or resending us one.
All my service from the young lady that served me this time on my phone call.
I gave her my information.
You need to have changed that training.
actually unable to answer my questions.
They look up prices.
Just have her work on it.
Could've finished my call.
Each call was in regards to a different question.
Today's call couldn't have been improved in any way.
You could've sent me a chocolate covered danish by overnight express.
Nothing can be changed as far as this phone call.
So I've had a lot of different calls.
And have always answered questions and gone above and beyond the call of duty.
You could've connected me with a representative.
Kept me from getting older.
She reviewed the file from the day before.
If you want to call and talk to me 7176329887.
the girl told me about some rewards program (unclear) for a (unclear).
A claim was denied that shouldn't have been if according to the books.
where somebody made an error and flagged our account.
followed through the problems and.
And she said it's all plugged in to the computer.
The recorded call does not ask all the questions (unclear).
I call slang on his words.
I've had to make quite a few phone calls.
So I had to look through the four books to see the words evidence of coverage in the table of contents.
And I talked to somebody in the customer service area as this letter (unclear).
And when one of your staff tried to get some information on the NPI number.
But he wasn't able to because of the time limit.
The computers were down on your end.
Answer the phone when it first called.
You provided me with a lot of good information.
Instead of getting to the representative your system hung up on me.
Actually it was one of the better calls that I've had to various insurance companies.
Made a hospital available that I need.
On this touch tone telephone I don't have a number 10.
And return the call.
Older people get a lot of phone calls like that.
Not sent me the letter that caused the phone call.
One of them is getting prescriptions filled is like pulling teeth.
Must've pressed the wrong number.
And that is in your manual that you provided to me.
But a lot of times in the past not recognizing the telephone number which we've been using for years.
Hopefully it's resolved but it was a multiple billing issue.
I'm just now expecting my replacement card.
We only get a little more in dental.
Came back with the correct answer.
The only improvement not from the phone call.
even that issued got resolved by the phone call.
You could have made it easier for the representative to find certain information.
Answered my phone call and put me through to a representative.
Don't put me through the survey first.
Instead of having to be transferred.
The representative Angel helped me switch over my father's insurance.
All of sudden (unclear) disconnected them.
But right now for questions at a later time.
The (unclear) follow up that are saying that the problem had been solved and that they had no further denial.
Stayed with the coupons rather than the statement.
Hard to get the customer rep on the phone for a long time.
But the paperwork did not say that.
Over billed me and took it out of my credit card.
Unfortunately the system let me down on the appeal.
Give her a hug and give her a raise.
The operator could have had the winning lottery numbers for me.
It was difficult to understand the accent of the representative.
Not even when I say my ID number.
I misunderstood on the first two questions.
And took her time helping me.
And my second response was a one by mistake.
On the original voicemail it seems it could more quickly go to a live agent instead of just a recording.
And they weren't able to pull up those my dental plan.
So I'm just waiting for the final report.
And I'm supposed to be getting some kind of a letter and a new.
There are no things that were not handled.
And then you cut in with the survey.
Other than the answers I was given.
So please give me a call.
that explained it to me.
People weren't available to resolve the issue.
Not only on the phone but with my medical problems.
One hundred percent happy with the answer I received.
Always all the pressure lifted from my shoulders.
No complaints at all or suggestions.
This is the third call about the same situation.
So they can share notes and figure out if the new plan is the right one for them.
Had just received a bill with a balance on it.
There has been no communication and we're caught in the cross fire.
So it did send me to a live person.
Fill it out for me.
We have to call back on Monday.
The length of time to get the resolution.
So I give her and UHC the highest marks possible.
Not able to get through on your phone.
The cost of the drugs and how they were going to go.
And I don't have a scale of ten on my telephone.
There was no more issues with the call.
My doctor's names could have been found somewhere in the records.
1 o'clock I go out to my mailbox.
No one came to my aid on the telephone.
This time somebody answered my phone.
They have a lot of respect for the customers calling in.
When trying to use current.
Very pleased with the service and some extra information that that's happened to come by from the gentleman.
