I give him a ten times ten.
It disappeared the first time around.
it was like 3 months ago.
And I give it a number 10.
Trying to get 60 units in the house.
She called at least 7 or 8 doctors offices which some of.
00 for an injection in my back.
So today's call was a four.
It appears her computer stopped running a couple of times.
It got resolved in the matter of a minute and I'm very appreciative.
It was on time on target on point.
For instance you just take 3000.
I worked in the insurance business for over 30 years.
I'm always on the phone at least 20 minutes sometimes longer.
For years I've been taking 15 milligrams of Tamazapam.
I'm trying to cut down my prescription from 15 milligrams of Tamazapam down to half of that which would be seven point five.
Because it said one or two.
And I've been a customer for many many years.
I've put in three or four or five complaints.
The (unclear) reach (unclear) they were closed for the day.
The website didn't come up the first time.
Spent the time to.
I was on hold for 35 minutes.
We've been with United for four months now.
This call was made shortly after eight o'clock in the morning.
It was no more than 30 seconds.
But since it actually received a bill by now for the June 1st.
went right away.
Give her the rest of the week off and double her salary.
This has happened more than once in the calls I've made in the last actually couple of years.
The gal before wasn't as good but Claudia I would give on a scale of one to ten ten.
The beginning of the month.
Because it's due on the eighth.
the lady said in ten days.
That way it can get there by the eighth.
Took the time.
he is in Texas and he's about to have his lunch.
I've been fighting for 3 4.
So I've appealed the one place.
You can give Jason a promotion and raise and an extra week of vacation time.
Just took a long time.
And the problem that I'm going through I've been doing through for the past five months since December 2017.
I've been going through this problem for five months.
I've been here in Texas for six years.
I've been getting mail from them for six years.
My problem was resolved in less than one two minutes.
I've had two calls in the last month.
I give her an 11 and five star.
So I rate her a 10.
Well the bill came late and instead of paying 12.
I'm supposed to get something in 7 to 10 days.
Took time with me.
22 and that was my yearly blood work.
Hopefully that went through the system as 10s.
I've been with them for many years.
Not put me on hold for many minutes.
From start to finish.
I've only been with your company since the beginning of the year.
Resolved the issue a lot faster than 45 minutes.
On a scale of 1 to 10.
And after a long wait and an operator.
Spoke to her about five minutes.
Which I will do in October on open enrollment.
It took two phone calls.
Should have put ten (unclear).
Well I've had some frustrating experiences within the past couple of hours.
Who could take 30 days before.
I'm sitting here on hold.
The gentleman (unclear) which was about three minutes ago.
And I'm due for a check up.
And it took a long time and many phones.
It wasn't a ten all the way but it was fine.
I've been trying to get this resolved since mid February.
So I rate her a 10.
I've been going to her for years.
especially being on a Monday morning.
My medication was promised three weeks ago.
doubled from last year and he's checking on that.
Today I've had great service changing my passport back to New York State.
Picked up soon quickly no waiting time.
So I would rate her a ten.
I've spent hours on the phone.
The increase in the price of insulin from 1996 to the year 2018 has gone up 1552% where inflation has gone up 52%.
There was quite a bit of wait time.
This has been going on for 2 months.
We've been with you for years.
I give her a 4 or a 10 or whatever the highest rate is.
I had total hip replacement surgery down in (unclear) Florida.
I've been in the hospital all but seven days since the start of the year since September.
This goes out to all of Manila.
And I give her a full ten.
Taken less time.
He had never filled out no forms within the 6 months.
I've been fighting this for about five months.
On a scale from one to ten he would've been a 12-15 or higher.
It was paid over a month and a half ago.
It went from $47 to 200 and some.
My first answer on the first one should have been a ten.
The survey was about the last 6 months and I've had issues over the last 6 months.
It might take 72 hours.
We were on the phone for an hour.
She did 100% instead of just a ten.
Social Security has been taking out $8.
I've been on the phone now for 40 minutes.
Surprised to get a bill after two and a half years.
It's the first time I've had to use one.
I had to call five 800 or 866 numbers.
I'm going home on Thursday.
It should be resolved in 48 hours.
According to Mercy it was submitted earlier two or three times.
I'll be expecting a call back about 1:00 today.
Paid for my Saddle Wraps immediately would be all.
I've been working with it since January.
I ordered two books for 2018 back in April 26th.
Research was done on one question in a matter of seconds.
It usually hasn't taken me that long and I'm a new customer.
So it took several tries in order to get through.
It's been 14 days.
About maybe ten minutes.
But today I give her the four.
We were waiting on the other (unclear).
I was on hold for 27 minutes.
This has been going on for three weeks now.
I've used their prescriptions for many many many many years.
I've been a customer for many years over 20 years.
It's been ongoing for past 2-3 years.
Information was given my problem was resolved in less than 5 minutes.
He's been being seen at a cancer pavilion at (unclear) in Denver which is out of network.
I've called 3 times.
It took about 15 minutes.
I give her a 10 all day long 100 percent.
I've been using your service for a long time.
Wait time probably was about an hour and a half.
Got about four or five problems resolved.
The representative was on the phone in just a matter of seconds.
Rushed faster.
Went above and beyond.
Her today is the May 10th '18.
You received it May 2nd and today is the 10th.
Been on the phone for an hour and twenty-five minutes.
I give him a perfect ten.
Or even a month ahead of time.
Gave him a 4.
The time I held was quite a long time.
Ninety nine percent of the time everything goes smoothly.
The check done been cut to 'em.
I have called since May 1st probably at least eight times to Optum RX.
Anais her last initial is P and Kelly his last initial is B.
I was hold for 35 minutes.
Takes you two three four weeks to get a hold of him.
you hit a home run.
Because with the state department that I've been with for many years.
We were just killing time.
And I've been with y'all about five years.
Take her to lunch or give her two dollars more an hour.
Could've spoke a little slower in some points.
He has on a scale of 1 to 10.
That takes sometimes two months.
I've been questioning a charge since February this year.
About ten minutes.
You're never put on hold for a lengthy time.
This is the third time I've been transferred to another number.
Not have to call five times.
Stayed on the phone a long time.
I've been bounced around to 5 different operators and I'm new in the program.
It was mailed to me in February.
Just improve the speed (unclear) I've been on the phone for an hour.
Could've went through my question in less than half a fetch.
And that was about maybe a half an hour ago.
Her supervisor I'm on the phone check my phone two and a half hours.
I live on (unclear) Street North West.
It did take a little time.
He did very (unclear) the scores from 10s out of 0.
Today the representative went to the extra mile.
It was persistence on the part of the person taking over 30 minutes to run it down.
My father missed out on the forty dollar over the counter essentials.
I've got a dozen bills to pay.
But I was offered five to seven days.
So I've got to wait an additional 7 to 10 days.
Took over an hour to get fixed.
Showed me (unclear) all the time when I was in a number of locations since December.
Made the time faster.
I was on the phone including this survey for 28 minutes.
on a scale of 0 to 10 it was 0.
That would've taken less time if the computers had been running smoothly.
And it was a ten all the way through.
We're on the phone for 55 minutes trying to straighten things out with Optum Rx.
So I can't get them until next year in March 2019.
It took over twenty minutes to solve that problem.
An hour and a half on the phone is a long time.
And on the very first questions instead of a 9 it should've been a 10.
The only thing is with the follow up which was on May 8th.
I hit a one instead of a ten on the first one.
Contacted me before calling about owing 75 dollars.
Because they wrote the number rememberable times.
I'll be calling back right around ten fifteen.
They told me it would go in effect April 1st.
I just filed for this claim on May 11 at 5:20 in the evening and it's now May 14.
This took three phone calls with Christian.
Because I didn't pay on the 1st of the month.
I held over 40 minutes for a supervisor.
My insulin has gone from about ninety four dollars a month to three hundred and thirty four dollars a month.
So I give her a 10.
I was on hold for 30 minutes.
Got it right the first time.
Two hundred dollars for three of them.
Should leave one though for a previous call.
since I've been on the new program.
You could've done better by the representative from my earlier calls from the tenth of May up until this morning.
So all I need to pay is the current balance of 89.
I called earlier and spoke with a Penny between 8:30AM and 9:00AM.
Call back in two to three hours.
Made waiting time a little shorter.
On a scale of 1 to 10.
The best I've had in years.
Could've moved a little more quickly.
So I give him a big five.
Wait time was low.
It's about 3:25 on Tuesday the 15th of May.
When this problem is resolved that means I'll give you a ten then.
I've been cut off twice.
Every month I call in I'm on the phone for hour at least an hour.
I've been disconnected multiple times.
I'm trying to get it changed to a tier 1.
In the 37 minutes that I've been online.
My issue was with the last call that I made on April the 27th.
Today is the 15th of May.
In other words it says refill 5/10 and it's not supposed to be refilled until 6/10.
Has not been two years.
It's been outstanding every time I've called.
I've been with you since 2001.
I'm in a skilled nursing home and was not out for sixty days.
You should let me go up to a higher than a number ten.
Because I've been working on it three weeks.
And that would cut down a few extra steps.
It took probably I'm looking at forty minutes to get ten minutes of information.
Everything went through in just a few minutes.
Made it quicker speeded things up.
That last number with a dash in front of it.
Made the wait time shorter.
that I owe him over 300 dollars.
The length in time to get an answer sometimes like 2 3 minutes.
I give both of them a ten for excellent.
And I will call up (unclear) on the first of next month.
Because a hundred and eighty nine is for May and June.
And you added to that ninety four fifty.
I can't give him any higher marks than 100 plus.
It should have been three 10s.
On a 1-10 he did 11.
We were on the phone for almost an hour.
One arrived and the other one still has not arrived after six or seven days.
First time was a transfer.
There was a delay about ten minutes.
And he received a bill on Monday.
But the invoice came in at on sixty six.
We the representative on Monday said that the one sixty six was for both of us.
But the representative today contradicted that information and said that the one sixty six was for one month and one month in advance.
I've called on this three or four or five times in this year.
Every time it takes four times to go through it.
on May 14th there could've been more follow through.
Possibly make the amount of time spent on the phone less than 20 minutes.
The wait time was very minute so I'm well satisfied.
The wait period was a little long I'm getting a representative.
low remain unchanged after I turn 65.
So he should get a ten plus.
I asked for the price of two different shots.
Or two and a half months ago a dental rider.
We've only been with UHC for two months.
After three years.
We have moved three years ago.
Went through alright.
I've been waiting for long time.
It's written down somewhere.
Now Jason is number 4.
I was calling about Part D coverage for a Shingles shot which shows 47 dollars.
I've already paid over four hundred dollars and I'm still having to pay more of the full balance.
I've had 10 phone calls and about 15 emails and I'm very unhappy with Optum Rx.
I was transferred around to 3 or 4 different departments.
Every time I've called I've had different levels of service.
It took a good bit of time.
So I'll call back on Monday.
I ended up calling about five minutes to five back.
They are closed on the weekend.
It's been changed three or four times since the first of the year.
Taken less time.
I'd give her an 11 not a ten.
In fact this is my second or third call.
About 10 of them in one day.
Every single time I call.
Not have to call three times.
This is the seventh call.
How much we paid out of pocket and total amount from first of the year.
Solved my problems in seconds.
Resolved the situation in the last 3 or 4 calls over the last 2 or 3 weeks.
My prescription order went from 125 to 250 and that is unacceptable.
I'm put on hold a long time.
I was on hold for over 45 minutes.
They told me it was forty five dollars.
Sent me two dozen donuts.
But between the 2 of us we figured it out.
But my issue was resolved in a fairly reasonable amount of time.
Today's the 21st of May it was due May 1st.
The best phone call I've ever had with UHC.
But otherwise my second call was a ten.
Was upset that my co pay went from 5 dollars to 15 dollars.
Looking up items.
(Unclear) on the first one came with (unclear) eyes.
It should have on the 3rd of every month.
Unlike when everybody else is in the middle of the day.
It took thirty minutes.
have it handled in one location instead of being transferred back and forth.
Up the wall and other.
And as to the first question I've never called in the last six months.
I've been on the phone with this Rhonda for two hours.
The second (unclear) to transfer me and I have been cut off after being on hold for 7 minutes.
On a scale of 1 to 10 they were a 20.
hung up on twice.
I've tried 4 or 5 different numbers to just.
It took a long time.
She said oh it's fixed now it's just 500.
Went the extra mile.
And he's had it now for ten years.
And the phone call was a half an hour.
I've been transferred four times.
I've been on the phone for twenty minutes.
I've been transferred four times.
And on this paper it's got eighteen ninety two.
It says on here that it was for a 5 minute visit.
I get paid eleven payments (unclear) between two states California and Nevada.
Had it fixed in about five minutes.
We're retired we're on fixed income.
The renew form telling me about the rewards came the middle of May and it expires the end of June so that could've been mailed sooner.
Resolve the issue that went on nearly a year ago.
It took a long time before the problem resolved.
It went from Sandra to Ruby on 5/21.
My initial bank withdrawal should've been handled back in January.
Could've stayed on the line and not hang up.
It should've been higher say eight.
It was the (unclear) we were dealing with that caused the eight instead of a ten.
It was a 10 and a keeper.
It took a long time.
I've been on for an hour.
I held for a lengthy period of time.
And I've been sitting here for 23 minutes.
Out of 1 through 10 I give her 1000.
More hours when you can call later in the evening.
He's only been out of surgery less than 24 hours and had a new shoulder replacement.
Not lose one of my payments that (unclear) four months ago.
I've called twice now.
Took a long time.
Today is May 24th and I was talking to her around 10:50 AM Mountain time.
Helped me pay the $249.
And I rate him from 1 to 10 a 20.
I entered a dash zero one but it was received as a six zero one for the last three digits.
It weighs like 5 pounds and the smallest one weighs 3 pounds.
we're closing after being on hold for half an hour and not resolving the problem.
I'm still holding for a half an hour and no one answered.
Fischer one of your employees was outstanding.
The conversation took about 35 minutes.
A couple weeks ago it was $82.
I've been on line waiting since.
well it's been 30 minutes.
Please give her a ten plus.
The one I just (unclear) but it was my third call.
However since you are going back six months.
So I would give her a five star rating.
The only down time was the amount of time and that was out of Keisha's control.
And I've gone through the second time.
Sent out the complete right past FOBT kit in the next 30 days.
So I had to wait an additional seventy two hours for the second one.
So there were waits of 30 seconds to a minute and a half in between informational segments.
It could have taken a little less time.
Wait times on hold but it was worth the wait.
I've had three different agents today and I've gotten 3 different answers.
but the phone call did take a long time.
I am dealing with one two three four five.
until earlier.
about 2 days ago.
All five times I called.
It was all ten across the board.
Getting the tier lowered from three to two.
And so I've call back and this is the third time and I.
Apparently at 48 minutes there will be no survey.
Any lower marks I may have given today on the call are reflected of previous interactions with United over the previous 6 months.
Made me breakfast.
The best service I've ever gotten was today with Cody.
It took me 17 minutes to (unclear) successfully respond.
It's been going on for almost a week now.
Said it closed at 4:30 Central Time and Eastern time it is 4:00 in the afternoon.
And for the first question was supposed to be a 10 as well.
not until May.
Nothing because everything was solved in just a few minutes.
Especially since I'm transitioning from an insurance company I've had for 30 years to this.
Not put me on hold for 15 minutes.
One is a pain pill and one is a Botox shot.
No information was available now so we'll call back at the end of September.
I'm disappointed that the premium keeps going up it doubles in price since March for me.
He was extremely helpful in navigating all of my wife's meds in what's covered and what's tier two three four.
Stayed on the line which took an extremely long time.
We've been on the phone for probably 30 minutes.
But unfortunately with the Memorial Day weekend the doctor's office is swamped.
And it said the minutes there were a couple of clicks.
The last attempt that she had Medicare payment was in 2011.
There was no improvement needed at this time.
And they were answered within a minute.
I'm eighty three and my wife is eighty two.
Like I said before it says your share was a certain amount $48.
Phone hung up several times.
The same person for the first two calls.
And my issue was resolved one hundred percent.
I've done the same thing on three or four different calls.
Everything was just a number 10 and perfect a 10.
Spoke with different representatives several times today.
This took over two hours to (unclear) call.
The waiting time could've been a little shorter but sometimes can't be avoided.
Just a shorter wait time between Michael's conversation with me and his being on hold with Silverback.
Three or four.
The easiest one usually takes one night in the hospital.
I would give her from one to ten a ten.
He made 3 or 4 different phone calls.
That's what I've called for the last two times.
And it's been set twice it's been sent.
Was gone a few seconds.
It was the most pleasant phone call I've had in weeks.
Drugs have switched tiers since the open period and I'm stuck with it now until next open period.
Those should all be 10s across the board.
And I give you a ten.
And I've been with you for a number of years.
So we're actually only paid up to April.
Got it right the first time.
The waiting time in between could've been less.
I've been on the line approximately 15 to 18 minutes.
Supposed to come out on the first now and then start on the fifth after that.
The representative gentleman named Chris is sending me an EOB from 18 months ago.
This was a previous call a few weeks ago.
I've been cut off on the phone several times.
She changed it to our correct address of 178 (unclear) New York.
The plan paid 8 dollars 99 cents and I paid 33 dollars and 6 cents.
We have been regular for about 3 years.
And you're charging me for April.
So I've been paying 70 for 3 years.
At this point I've been on the phone 100 minutes.
So I'd give her a ten all the way around.
Because this year I only have 2 rewards.
Eight is the first number.
Ten should have been the second and third responses.
When my policy take the 5th.
The wait time was about three minutes.
Robert Bob he goes by Bob Robert and last initial C.
But it can cost up to $10000 a year.
She was in a 3 way conference with Verizon Retirement but they were already closed for the day.
Takes three to five days.
They could've taken a lot less time.
I've been on this phone for over 45 minutes.
She sent me two months instead of one month.
Seven to ten days to get something.
Just because we moved to Arizona.
Nothing other than telling me that the cost of the drug was 0 instead of 1300 bucks.
I'm going back to the doctor this afternoon.
And they were taking about tier 2 drugs.
8 and a half by 11 envelope next day.
And 2 days later by same day air I received her.
But the insulin keeps going up and up.
No I've had the same member number for quite a few years and.
I've been on hold for almost 57 minutes or actually 57 minutes.
I've had several insurance companies but United is up there among the top.
I've had this UHC for 8 years now.
So something's changed in the last year.
I've been paying 39 dollars for a very long time.
And I've taken this survey a couple of times.
Stuck in a hospital from out of state.
This is my second call today.
It's been a number of years I've called for various reasons.
My less than four scores would have been in reference to previous calls within the past six months.
Found out that he and I have been familiar with a (unclear) Pocatello Idaho.
A 100% perfect that I worked with.
The wait time was a little bit long.
It goes only up to numeric 9.
It left a little bit up in the air.
From 0 to 10 I give him a 13.
After this third call.
how to pay the first couple of months.
It took 20 minutes and 3 transfers to get this information.
I'd give him a ten.
for months now.
Doctor's offices are closed for the day and I'll just pursue it again early next week.
So now I've been cut off from Linda.
Stop processing claims that are over a year old when the member has passed away a year ago.
stand when I said May 8th.
Cut me off seven different times.
Wait time was nonexistent.
Your wait time was too lengthy.
