Your computer system screwed up royally.
If they make that a tier 1 it'll move to the 10.
Especially if the work.
Fully understandable for me.
Right to the point so there's really no complaint.
Better understanding of the particular plan that I was on.
Maximum stars both of them.
But according to your rules.
And the excellent people working for you.
(Unclear) a little bit better.
And very patient with everything.
Waiting on the phone too little too long.
Understood what you needed.
Recommended other stuff that you are qualified for.
But otherwise I've had some bad ones.
Found more doctors I guess.
So the answer is nothing.
Well there's nothing on today's call.
But other than that you're doing a great job.
I'm getting different information from different people as far as coverage.
(Unclear) nothing to do with your UHC.
As far as I'm concerned there's really no room for improvement.
He's promptly he's respectfully and everything.
We are happy to be a member of this group of this.
And there's no record of it.
It's not paying anything period.
There's no way that you can get past the recorded message at the beginning.
This is an ongoing situation so I don't have a resolution.
But they are not subsidizing it.
So there's a whole bunch of wasted paper here.
(Unclear) same issue a month ago about these bills.
In the past lacked a lot of information.
Efficiency was not a high score on this one.
you know no more improvements.
So that needs some looking into.
some place in Missouri.
Not being able to get ahold of the provider wasn't the agent's fault.
So the gentleman Anthony took care of the business quite well.
This is probably one of the very best customer service calls I've had to (unclear) corporation in my life.
that we understood each other.
You could've been more specific as far as cost.
Both of them are perfect.
For the wait not to be so long.
It's been a pleasure dealing with y'all.
And it's not on the agent it's on the I guess the company.
And it's the first time I've had an advantage plan and it's.
Also taking regards to the (unclear).
So other than changing (unclear) our caller our communication.
(Unclear) change anything.
But anyway no complaints at all.
And because it's written the United Health wouldn't accept it.
But I guess that's in all insurance.
That's a little confusing with the elderly.
It's getting kind of ridiculous.
And the one health is the organization the big hospital and doctors that did the operation.
Hopefully it's on it's way.
the best she can do.
We'll see what happens with the local providers now.
Other than that I had no problem with the people.
It's hard to tell.
Very kind and not focused on time.
But a 1 call resolution and treating you like you're the most important person of the day.
There's no need for improvement.
Needed nothing else.
So she is an asset to your company.
The problem is I'm not good at understanding all these regulations.
This is the best experience I've had on an for an insurance company.
Trying on everything misunderstanding.
The way people should talk on a phone to somebody.
It's all up in the air right now.
Verbally as well as in writing.
There wasn't any need for anything better.
So that can cause a conflict at times.
Nothing as far as her customer service goes.
Maybe training will make up for the lack of common sense that that office staff must have.
which is totally confusing me.
I still say a 10 on this particular event.
I'm hoping that the problem can be soon resolved.
And did the best job he could.
Your system works pretty well.
So keeping my data correct is very important.
So we're not being billed improperly by this one company.
It does a lot of good to people.
And a couple others that could.
And so far he's been the best representative I've spoken with since January.
To have a dentist a little bit closer.
Very difficult to understand representative.
That is not the way to do business.
Not just left hanging.
If there's some way that the waiting time could be improved on.
Hopefully all your representatives work the same way.
Absolutely nothing as far as the representatives go.
Lately in my experience your service has improved very much.
Gabrielle extremely capable of handling anything extremely.
And she's really an asset to your company.
Approve my medicine before the day it was due.
This is the first time I've had a glitch in all the years I've been a member.
Too much background noise.
(Unclear) fine way of handling the situation.
My problem was being solved.
Have no issues at all.
It was none of your operators' fault.
At this point in time nothing.
And make it clear that once something says approved it's approved and it's not A it's a capital A.
We're not completed with it yet.
those kind of people around.
Some of it (unclear) more a 10.
41 minutes plus of just ridiculousness.
So it's been frustrating for the last 4 months.
And nothing to add in addition.
Could send letters after making mistakes and (unclear) their computer (unclear) or something.
No improvement needed on your part.
Which might look like it's an invoice.
Other than that everything's fine.
the last 2 gentlemen were fabulous.
the person who was taking care of me.
It's always taken care of.
But in the past I've had a little bit of hesitation on the Optum Rx part.
She is an asset to your company.
Not a thing at this point in the conversation.
But as far as the services from UHC itself I'm very pleased.
It's been perfect no complaints whatsoever.
Fast precise and everything.
But it wasn't anything to do with the agent's fault.
She is not an asset to your company.
they have (unclear) problem with the bill.
an older policy of mine comes up.
It's a densely populated area but there was really only 3 doctors and one wasn't in.
And the problem that I'm going through is no fault of my own.
So that's the problem that I'm having with this call.
And it doesn't make any sense.
So there's no negative at all.
And the problems on the.
There's some kind of appeal going through now.
It's not in the system.
Because this secure system is just ridiculous complicated.
It should not be any consultation.
As busy as their schedule is.
It's the other side of the medical profession that needs a whole lot of work.
More than better for me.
And he's just an asset to your company.
And she's a compliment to your company.
I guess that's it for the survey (unclear).
There just wasn't enough information on my chart.
Lowered the price on some of the stuff.
Maybe a little faster.
So this is for prescriptions.
You could have given us a price of our co pay.
The website needs a lot of work.
Perhaps in the future and that's it.
They can't give me a better explanation.
On today's call nothing.
Bad connection on the telephone I guess.
So hopefully this takes care of the situation.
With the lack of communication.
Generally of a scale of one to ten.
But that dentist is much a third of the charge than any others.
And the perfect representative to speak to.
It's just an issue between the doctor's office and communications.
and the card wasn't in there because.
This percentage thing don't cut it.
So other than that she's doing a fantastic job.
Had nothing to do with customer service.
(unclear) and she knew her business too.
No way to improve it.
So those are two things and they're consistent.
Technology and rerouting of people is really annoying.
The other things are more important health issues are more important.
And if they're out of network.
I wish that was less stressing in the United States.
Otherwise once you get to the right person it's.
It's you know a time issue.
I don't see any areas where improvement is needed.
It's a little difficult understanding the person's accent from Mexico.
Train other companies to be like you.
It's unfortunate that you're having a problem with your computer webpage.
I'm having problems with you.
Found out about the exception drug that I need.
Your system is great and the people that are ideal with it.
The individual that I'm rating did a fine job but it was the 2nd individual in align.
The wait time wasn't so long.
That's the 3rd column over on the explanation of benefits.
He is 100 percent plus in my book.
So that is why I'm leaving this message.
Very helpful in resolving the problem.
So it's more on their end than it is yours.
The wait a little bit but other than that fine.
No recommendations needed at this time.
It's just impossible for me to get onto your website.
Have better coverage but that's my thought.
There's a lot of transferring.
How does that make any sense.
(Unclear) other than that nothing.
I had one of the best representative ever which is usually my experience with all your representatives.
Professional and solved all of my issues for the day.
We were wondering whether explanation of benefits (unclear).
But this time in this survey very well aware of any question with the right answer.
Sometimes the representatives (unclear) too many.
There is no improvement necessary your help.
As far as the person goes.
Had coverage for acupuncture what I'm looking for.
(Unclear) don't have any problems with their answer.
But it's possible that it will be in the future.
And the solved whatever problem I had.
But that isn't the way it turned out.
You have some of the most incredible people working for you.
Dealing with doctors is not fun.
One is generic one is not.
But there's a problem with (unclear).
The one thing that could have been done better the five response had to do with a third party responsibility specifically the Maximus Federal Services.
And that was basically the issue on this prescription.
This office says yes.
There's not enough in the network to be an assistant to our needs.
just about almost.
Because we all need our eyes and our hearing.
So there was no issues about needing anymore information.
Friendly and expedient and took care of the problem.
It's the fact that the coverage doesn't cover as far as the fact that I'm diabetic.
did an awesome job today on the call.
To understand the plans available to me in my area.
Because he knows what best for my health.
Basically just starting out with this new plan.
Like a milligram of (unclear).
Which (unclear) family practice for 20 some years here.
But yet your system didn't recognize it.
Not so much chit chat.
Other than that right now I'm satisfied.
I thought that Tier two generics.
The difficulty is the resolution of this problem.
Which says anything that's claimed during the month.
Every day to see if something's disposition.
Less talking to a computer and more talking to a human being.
They ask the same questions as for our identity over and over again.
The only thing would be shorter wait time.
Perhaps had more information from Social Security.
And have a happy life and many many more.
I've never spoken with no one.
Individual sounded indecisive.
But I'd rather not comment at this time.
Are there any other questions you'd like me to answer?.
All of your agents are great.
The point is that I am new to the service.
They seem to be in the dark on this issue.
She's taken real good care of me.
She's one of the better one's that you have there.
At least not at this point in time.
It's a provider issue so let's see what happens.
(Unclear) was great help for me.
So that's the way it was.
They're very efficient and the keep everything up to date.
As all your agents are.
Nothing (unclear) to improve at this time.
The information is excellent and the time it takes to convey it is excellent.
It's somewhere lost in UPS.
I've had nothing but great experiences.
(Unclear) doctors and an appointment with him tomorrow that's on (unclear).
Maybe a little bit easier way to get a hold of a agent instead of through that message selection.
It's the system that you guys have.
It's not the problem of the people answering the phone.
The automated system not so much.
Better available on finding things such as xrays that nature.
Inform people when the cut off date is to change something.
And this is wonderful representation of your company.
And it's wonderful experience calling UHC.
As always a little more speed.
But the whole directory is quite a bit to go through.
My problem has been solved.
Without oxygen all of us die.
(Unclear) is fine.
And she's an asset to your company.
There's no need to adjust any further.
My time is just as valuable as yours.
(Unclear) the dental they were perfect.
I think it's more the fault of Walmart pharmacy.
She's an asset to your team.
No need for anything else.
The people helped as best as.
There's some static on the line.
Didn't have a problem about it.
But your representatives handled their self very well.
It's a very hard time when you're faced with a death of a family member.
Well the automated part isn't so good.
Not enough information about the Armour Thyroid that I requested.
That's the only problem we had with hearing the information.
And also your billing is (unclear).
And how to explain about the Tiers and all that.
And what medications are on those Tiers.
And this seems to be settled in the next 2 weeks.
Long delay to get to the right party.
So they denied coverage of everything.
She's top of the line as far as I'm concerned.
Actually not on your end.
Not been on hold for as long.
without going through the automated attendant but it is what it is.
1 is every year passport transfer takes too much time.
And it's been 3 weeks 4 weeks.
But your system is slower than it should be.
chosen a 8 on this.
But yet with kindness concerning my father's death as well as my mother's illness and changing POA's and that type of things.
Especially for those of us who this is all.
So other than that that's about all.
That was the question on insulin it being so high.
So that's kind of where it's at.
And all of the families and employees that work there.
Probably within days a week or something.
All the negatives are for today.
And as far as the level of customer service it is excellent.
So it's just a great example of what an employee an agent could be.
She's gonna resolve the problem.
Can't think of anything at this moment (unclear).
So your company is doing extremely well.
The record it can be.
there's notations of where we've been asked not to.
Instead of not being available at all to me.
And if it hasn't then I'm in big trouble.
And the one I'm commenting on now is Jay.
It's a waste of time most of the time and money.
There were no bad parts about it.
Explained a lot of good information.
There should be no charges for the follow up.
And no improvement needed.
Your business is very complicate.
It has that better explanation.
Make the plan a little bit more understandable in the booklet.
Little bit more information.
UHC is almost always great and answers my questions.
Is the survey over now?.
Couldn't think of anything at the moment.
It's done now.
It is a nightmare to deal with you.
And there's a deadline and what have you.
No can't think of any right now.
It's just a matter of the system taking care of her request and my request.
Trying to see a specialist and so.
So there's kind of some (unclear) in that question.
To make the system not break down.
Can't think of any changes right now.
The only reason I'm putting a 3 is because of the 6 months.
neither here or there now.
Even we don't need to.
A little more speed with answering but that's understandable.
But there's getting to be a real frustration level.
And I'm also pleased with the coverage that United Health gives me for these things.
I'm in the middle of a medical (unclear).
I don't like the voice instructions.
Evidently they're out of the network now.
They are absolutely the best I've ever dealt with.
they don't commit to the person themselves.
We cannot understand the automation in order to push the right button that you want.
So that would help very much with the online list.
Be more certain about the resolution of my issue.
Since it's over a year now.
it needs to be in fine print.
That's not related to today's call however.
Had more options in my area.
Sometimes the head doesn't know what the tail is doing.
So I think communication between executive and where the rubber meets the road might be in order.
That has been a real headache for us in trying to get the doctors' the referring to each other.
maybe just a little more about the business.
(Unclear) thoroughly handled my problem.
That's problem with the system or the capacity or something.
There is no improvement to be made at all.
My problem is not with your agent.
(Unclear) no improvement necessary on the person that handled my call.
Finding a new dentist still looking.
She's very very good at understanding people.
Other than that everything's fine.
all the help I got.
In the beginning make it easier to get a live person.
There's not anything wrong with the interview today.
But there's just different levels of it.
And very efficient at getting her work done.
Another way of (unclear) confirming if they accept the plan.
00 worth of out of pocket expenses before anything kicks in.
It's just not able to be finalized at this point.
And that would relieve a lot of tension.
what would be coming next for the rewards plan.
There is nothing additional to improve the service.
And the answer was they're unlimited which is good news.
The computer stuff is too fast for an old lady.
There's still an outstanding issue as it relates to the dispute with one of the EOBs on my colonoscopy.
She understands the program and the different insurances there is.
The fact that the medication is no longer on your program.
would be any better than the representative.
already been made but this.
So they need to a better job in accounting.
She's the only one that can solve it.
To make the questions a little bit more simpler on the forms.
It's just the way things are.
It's just the area that I live in.
Better explanation as far as like the dental work and stuff goes.
say anything more than excellent.
There wasn't any problems at all.
So other than that just speed up the process.
The people at your office are good people.
But other than that the help is very good at this point.
If it's completely satisfactory and there isn't.
So this is probably my best telephone experience with the company.
It's not as clean as Quest and it's not as efficient as Quest.
So there's a little confusion in that situation.
Your coverage is pathetic okay.
It's two months behind so that doesn't help.
Once again there's a weak spot in the system and I think it should be corrected.
(Unclear) is kind and helpful.
It's just real confusing now.
I think her name's Genesis.
Perfectly capable of handling my own business.
Wait time is a little long.
instead of me going to 3 different people.
But as far as Abraham and the information that he gave us.
The automatic alls and transfers are enough to drive me crazy.
So that's why I'm not satisfied.
It's not being covered whatsoever.
One of the most professional I've dealt with.
Between last year and this year it's a big difference with the dental care.
The rest of the people is very nice.
There's not anything on this particular call.
Your representative did everything the correct way.
If they're close by how far are they.
And not making it Social Security's fault but you guys's partial fault.
Not have so much electronic direction in the first place.
It's just there's more follow up needed.
It's the last agent who didn't give proper information.
There's no improvement needed.
It was not Wellstar's problem why the issue wasn't resolved.
More up to date on my book that you send.
She's so perfect in her job.
And we need more like that.
And understood my situation immediately.
As far as I'm concerned nothing.
Other than that everything's fine.
A little clearer speech pattern for one of the representatives.
Not on the spur of the moment anyway.
Because her doctor's not there every day.
from now on but.
It's still not doing it (unclear).
These doctors are taking advantage of some of the patients in doing this.
Been more specific as to whether the care would be in line or not.
Appreciated every bit of it.
As a senior make life easier and get the cost down.
Especially when you're dealing with older people.
Hopefully it's all correct.
No problems at all and she's an asset to your company.
She's very kind and efficient.
You need to make your computers a little more understanding.
I hope that next year that they have a new drug plan.
So at the time (unclear) send out a list of providers better clean up their act or go out of business.
This procedure I'm going through with for my wife.
The benefits (unclear) not go well.
So I'd say at least some more simplification.
That's what we need.
The rates are a little on the high side and they keep going up.
Resolve the problem without taking forever.
But the amount of time is not really an issue.
weren't familiar with his name or anything.
So better training for your representatives is paramount to help out.
The representative could've spoken just a little clearer.
He knows nothing.
Should not have a job there.
Especially when he's working with people who are over 65 and needing his help.
More than satisfactorily if there is such a thing.
Maybe shorten the time a little bit that it took.
like a half a minute wait time.
United Health is so nice.
The issue wasn't cleared up at all.
Far too slow in response.
Your requirements on certain diseases is out of touch with reality with the people that you serve.
Can't think of anything at this time.
So she's an asset to your company and she's a great person over the phone.
Needs to improve on the English language.
Well the issue wasn't resolved.
It wasn't the representative's fault it was a billing department for another.
So I've always planned that some how three deal (unclear).
So your scale goes from 0 being worst and 9 being best but your statement is 0 being worst and 10 being best.
So there's a little bit of a conflict between your verbal instructions and what needs to happen on the keystroke input.
In the past I've had the worst experience with you.
I guess explaining the gaps and that the donut hole are one of the same.
But apparently your system won't let that happen.
I'm in the United States and it was obvious to me.
I mean each time is a different situation.
But the wait time is annoying too.
that's the only thing that wasn't resolved.
So to pay a bill this time good work.
I wasn't clear on what the annular physical entailed.
There's something in the (unclear) service and so that was my problem.
The insurance and I'm glad I have it.
A little more attention on the issue the medical issues.
It's the health care clinic that I'm having trouble with.
There is no room for improvement.
So better record keeping would be the answer.
Other than that everything's okay.
No improvement needed there bye bye.
Not anything that I'm aware of at this point.
So it's still up in the air.
There would be no gap in coverage.
There's none in the past either.
Did very well in all respects.
The issues not resolved yet the people weren't available.
understood everything.
to what I'm looking for.
It's been resolved and all the people.
Anywhere between 47 and 60 dollars it seems like a wide range.
So he's a complement to the company.
You satisfy all my problems.
Sometimes the information differs and sometimes it's right.
that would've been the solution for me.
My problem wasn't completely resolved today.
even though my policy isn't active yet.
What the h*** is going on.
or not people.
The internet leaves a lot to be desired.
That's one of the things other than the dental plan.
No reference number and not much help.
Cory is an asset to UHC.
nothing to add at this time.
There's no need for any improvement.
initial computer introduction slow it down just a little bit.
Other than that the people are very nice on the phone.
There's no need for improvement.
So that's why (unclear) top of the bill.
Not send so many forms.
No need for any improvement at this point.
It's the worst insurance I've ever experienced in my life.
Both of them are terrific.
It's the higher ups that I have.
Otherwise we have no problems with UHC.
Did not like the robot answering the phone.
That needs to be improved and make it more understandable to the patients.
The same as the computerized person there was good.
Another thing (unclear) call and none of them (unclear) insurance.
The people (unclear) are very good.
It's how the company (unclear) on people.
Nothing more because your rep.
And all of the people I've spoken to in your organization.
Every singe company does it.
There were no criticisms at all.
the confusion that come about with your online payments is not a good one.
Which don't pay very much at all.
Speed up the system a little bit.
Between the RRA department and the (unclear) I'm confused on which department is which.
'Cause he's been the best that I've ever have received from any other insurance.
If you would (unclear) your scale just one to nine.
Everything more through my representative is a ten.
And my problem in finding a new family physician was not her issue or problem.
At the present time there wasn't anything.
Representative could have had more knowledge and understanding of the question.
Everything's perfect no problems.
Very knowledgeable of what was.
Nothing just go back to the prices on my other plan.
I'm on a fixed income and that will be a pretty good chunk out of my little check each month.
It wasn't that much of an inconvenience.
From visits to specialists and that's it thank you bye.
Being more understanding.
And it's not really personal information.
The call before that it wasn't anything wrong.
Maybe the hospital charges are too high.
Not sure at this time.
Because that would've helped in this particular case.
My problem wasn't completely resolved.
Until then I'm not quite satisfied.
Like most of my other ones.
If that makes any sense to you.
and those numbers are not also working.
There are a lot of Spanish speaking people.
There's a trust issue from your company to me.
and that's basically where it is.
Less time on hold.
So you're ambiguous with your scoring system.
It should be zero to 9 with 9 being the highest versus telling us 10 because the minute that you hit one it gives them the worst score.
I'm having problem with my jaw.
So your automated phone system leaves a lot to be desired.
Other than a traditional raise would be nice.
(Unclear) thing is needed.
So not a problem but I.
Other than that that's about it.
On this plan I'm in it's very limited.
So they're two different sites I guess.
So was caring about my health.
It certainly wasn't for her lack of trying.
instead of giving her the (unclear) here.
No real improvement to suggest.
And patient and listening well.
Nobody can find that new policy.
Maybe less time on hold.
Just a little faster.
So I think it's something in the automation but I'm.
All information was very thorough and a lot of (unclear) provided by (unclear).
Time consuming and (unclear).
Reduce the robot on the front of the call because the robot didn't work that well.
I'm confused about this here that on the prescription it.
There seems to be a fair a great deal of ignorance and uneven service in your tech department on such extremely simple routine questions such as this.
Because my issues are not satisfied.
Will that be covered.
Maybe a few minutes sooner.
More above and beyond the call of duty.
There's nothing with Christie.
My member ID for my son Brennan Reich is seldom ever accepted in your system.
Just made it a little faster.
It's all screwed up.
We talked about the (unclear) and the doctorondemand.
Taken less time for the whole procedure.
It's too long to go into here.
For some reason there's always seems to be a problem with my prescription whether it's level 2 or a level 3.
or handled very well.
On a scale of one to four you're a sixteen.
Yes the telephone system the articulation is not very good.
The telephone articulation is not very good on your end.
Is that all is it over?.
No real complaints at all okay.
Today's call made of good things.
The gentleman was (unclear) on Medicare.
It is getting to the point of ridiculous.
Communication is okay and both party understand.
She's just she's a credit.
Resolved the problem that I have.
Maybe a faster connection with Silver Sneakers but that's about it.
We're new members on the United plan and everything is going very well now.
But there are always new questions that arise.
And the information it just was a matter of not having actual figures.
It's over 55 miles from here.
So it's pretty disappointing that of our work and my local pharmacy.
Shorter times on hold.
You know with the information and her kindness.
Right now not anything.
But no problems at all on the call.
Does not need any improvement.
I see no reason for any improvement.
The problem that I see is the phone.
Are very seldom in the same area you live.
No improvements for this young man.
They have great senses of humor and a vast amount of information concerning my personal case.
A little less time on hold.
As far as I'm concerned.
So that is a zero for the day.
None of the I have a great experience.
or is doing.
And the sweetest people are there.
And if it's only a percentage then tell me the percentage.
So 30 minutes or more on hold is unacceptable.
that the operator could've done better.
Any one of whom would be responsible.
There is no room for improvement.
And there are some that need preapproval.
They think a little faster.
Don't like telephone numbers that are message machines I (unclear) and for Wellmed.
But I guess it depends upon the codes.
The next two days on the prescription like after 90 days that do so and so.
It (unclear) usually on the print.
there is cancer in my colon.
There was not a thing wrong with the whole phone call.
There's one that has a pool which is what I need.
More knowledgeable more knowledgeable (unclear) should be better.
It needs to be played on the right speed or change the music completely.
Figured out a way to have this drug lowered.
Otherwise you know it's long process.
No improvements needed so far.
And the codes are non descriptive.
Maybe explained this a little differently in the beginning.
There's no need for improvement.
Less waiting (unclear) by a representative.
Not on this call anyway.
That's one of the big reasons we're with you folks.
Maybe a little bit too long windows.
It should just be a credit card.
Other than that everything's fine.
Maybe a little more detailed and knowledgeable.
(Unclear) taken care of real good.
Made a cheaper price and an alternate (unclear) pill but they don't have one.
It's kind of irritating.
There's no improvement needed.
And other than that absolutely perfect and no negative feedback.
It's just policies and order and that's it.
Not so many transfers.
So overall I'm about a 9 satisfied on everything.
That disconnect causes confusion amongst your staff and perhaps more training is needed there.
There's something wrong with your book keeping system.
So the actual statement should have exact number that we call in with including the dash at the very end.
the numbers seem to be confusing with the category.
But anyway that's the way it is.
I don't think tier 3 is acceptable for a representative.
(Unclear) and the wait time is too long.
In this case the service (unclear) I don't know.
So it's a little hard waiting on hold.
And which adds up to a hundred and eighty nine.
So they're breaking the boxes of pens and selling individual pens without instructions paperwork or anything else.
I'm in Ocean County New Jersey with a very large senior population and we really could use more doctors.
But that's the only thing was just the quality of the voice coming over the line.
It's a new card that I want.
As far as I'm concerned the service is well done.
My problem is not yet resolved.
A good listener and that's what really matters.
And I'm fighting a deadline with the (unclear) people of the government.
But it's a pain in the butt with (unclear) emails because there's something secured.
I think the miss billing.
There's so much background noise and inference.
And even when the music's playing it's just cutting in and out.
A publication where they emphasize how important physical exercise is.
Trying to understand my bill.
So no complaints at all.
It's not like I'm.
But other than that everything's good.
knowing them that.
It's just the way I've been explaining about my CPAP machine.
And that's what I'm planning on doing tomorrow.
Have no problem with that.
The automated system is obnoxious to me.
And the live persons have all been wonderful.
to her and to.
And discovered that you have the right (unclear) the counts many months (unclear) six months after the fact of the service.
Or actually a little more than an hour.
I'd use all the asterisks in the world (unclear) my mom's benefits.
Otherwise it's so complex to get all the information.
(Unclear) respond to the question appropriately.
It is a pleasure to call you.
So must of your workers are like that.
It's just that it's kind of staticy.
The reviews of most of them aren't very good.
Have the operator be more knowledgeable of what you're calling for.
Not being so complicated on the computer.
And hopefully solved the problem.
Because they're charging me because of that.
So you need to eliminate or change the wording of that company of that question.
You're certainly light years ahead of the medical industry.
Especially the doctors and the practitioners.
There's not anything better on this call.
50 instead of 85 dollars.
Perhaps not as long a wait.
It's very difficult to understand.
Nothing very efficient appreciate the work of sue.
Just a little bit faster is all.
And there is so many people involved in the situation.
And it's hard to do.
if he.
Other than that okay.
Excellent service the sound of the voice for your agent was very narrow.
Can't think of anything at the moment.
However it's your system that stinks.
Because I think it's a great alternative to surgery.
It's very cumbersome to use.
Yet you don't have the right address.
Up to this date everything is clear to me.
However the telephone line for some reason just didn't seem to be to clear.
It's been great dealing with it.
It's way too bad.
Well there's a little difference between that and $171.
He's been (unclear) quite a long time.
Anything medical religious or politics.
At least except for the complete solving of my problem and that's not her fault.
to handle all these that's going up like that.
The billing seems to be a problem.
Instead of a machine.
Not just some of them.
It's just that doctors office is not open today.
He represents United Health very well.
Too many questions for the purpose of your call.
30 for a long time now.
Her diction needs to be better.
Took care of all my problems.
Actually it wasn't on your end.
And and and at the in your department.
Although the sound online is a little difficult for me to hear.
Because I'm a little bit hearing impaired.
So everything's taken care of.
That's it for now.
But the animated or automated service thing is really bad.
It wasn't like a business call.
Very much for your good service bye.
It would've been better had the representative known more about the mental health coverage of my policy.
A business is only as good as the people that serve your people.
No thoughts on that matter.
No problem with anything.
So there's no improvements required (unclear) dealing with me.
You need to improve on that system.
No need to improve.
UHC cannot improve in any way as far as I'm concerned.
That don't tell me a thing in the world.
A single one (unclear) good all the time so far.
4 different people now.
All of 4 hours worth.
Professionally and in order.
Nothing to recommend as for improvement.
change anything.
They don't know their job.
Addressed it a little bit better.
The voice a little slower and stronger.
Yes this problem should've been solved with the first call.
Have the information more readily available to the representative that was helping with me.
So (unclear) time would be the answer to the question.
had no problems at all.
That's all there is to it.
I'm getting the physical that's the key.
That's it's not covered because I'm not diabetic.
Less computerized commentary prior to ever talking to anyone.
So your level of service right now is very disappointing.
The only that could've been done better would be at the system level.
There's too much background noise.
Unfortunately it's a bill from Humana not from United.
That's something up to them.
I see no room for improvement.
The prices for insulin is way out of control.
What was that question again.
Left things the way it were.
the way it was.
Too much difficulty transferring between departments.
Cannot think of any ways to better your service.
My issue is not completely resolved.
The problem is with the shipper.
So really no specific suggestion at all.
They cannot understand a complex problem.
Middle initial is R.
So that is my one issue with UHC.
It's just the billing department doesn't seem to.
That can't understand anything.
Technology and about my plan and it was excellent.
So maybe there's some delay or discrepancy between the mail and the the (unclear) in the computer.
There's never a button for the reason I'm calling.
No ways to improve.
I'm just looking for some straight answers from this questions of this account.
far ranging series of questions that I had.
My estrogen is not covered.
So no complaints on the call at all.
instead of a 10 on this.
Not terribly but kind of a lot.
Solves all the problems that I had.
So that's the only thing that I'm troubled with.
But it seems like it's a breakdown with United Healthcare somewhere.
That's it end it.
Didn't have a problem at all.
The one thing is maybe explaining why the issue occurred.
But there was some noise in behind the background but other than that.
every one I've ever called has.
It's just overwhelming the results you get out of the representative today.
Sending out a better explanation of (unclear).
(Unclear) say that again.
But other than that everything's fine.
So no improvement needed today.
Well it's (unclear) is clear and the problem is clear.
And your system will not help in any way.
It's obvious that your records are not updated.
will have a much better day by having the questions answered.
So I rate that a 4.
Not all the time but sometimes.
Had too many people that.
But other than that everything's great.
spelled it right.
But I'm on key now.
She's definitely an asset to the company.
Does not seem to have the insurance on their records.
But absolutely best service I've ever had.
I'm finding it very hard to find.
So that is the main issue with dealing with this.
that it's recorded.
it's not explained in lamence terms.
Other than the fact that you all hire and train your people.
with a problem or a question they're courteous (unclear).
Known in advance what the problem was.
That is very important because that (unclear) employee to lose her good survey.
There's no improvement needed.
It seems like your departments are not communicating with one another.
And still it is incorrect in your system.
The price of Epinephrine in the tier that it is in way too expensive.
Most of them don't belong to the.
That's the reason that the ratings were given.
And it gives the client a trust in the company and trust is everything.
Really was efficient in checking of everything.
And that's the way everybody should be with their customers.
(Unclear) a little quicker.
Most chance of people being home.
No better than she did.
Other than that that's it.
the hold time could be a little better.
Had some one that spoke better English and was more clear in the instructions.
The only suggestion for improvement is to hire 10 more outstanding representatives like Regina.
That's been my experience all along.
Primarily wait time is pretty excruciating at times.
So there's some confusion here okay.
The explanation of the total drug cost and the difference between generic and brand names I think should be something that's explained in every call.
That is difficult for people who are not familiar with foreign language.
In the beginning too much computer telling them that to get.
And the people are great so.
Not just saying that it's UHC calling.
to make it better.
She's very knowledgeable of her whatever she's doing.
There's really no improvement needed.
Very fast and efficient and kind.
There's something wrong with your computer.
I hope that (unclear) and that the survey is finished.
The tier prices are too high and that's the reason what we're calling around to find a cheaper drug.
Lack of communication of what's happening.
And we increase the knowledge about what's going on.
It is important for a senior citizen.
Every time I call everything's in pure detail.
Other than that everything's good.
There's some problem with the billing and everything else.
The signs more image places in network close to where I live.
The answer is nothing.
There's a lot of coordination going on.
Those people you should clear out the entire department.
a good answer from every question I had.
So I guess just better coordination of information.
Which hopefully now it is changed in the system.
And the company that's supposed to be delivering it is giving us a very hard time.
She made all the difference in the world you know with my new plan with United Healthcare.
The prices keep going up.
Very helpful in every respect.
To waste all that time with a recording is a complete waste of time.
But I understand why and it's a legal document.
The only problem the computers a little slow.
You're dealing with senior citizens dinosaurs and they need to hear the number more than one time.
This is not about the call today but it's about a general new policy that the pharmacy department has at UHC.
Because that's the way the laws work about (unclear) in New Hampshire.
So who's ever making the decisions about.
Otherwise your service and stuff has been excellent.
More transportation time and that's all.
Had more positive answer.
The time it takes to resolve an issue is exceedingly long.
My plan hasn't come in yet.
And the insurance is tops.
There's no room for improvement.
But it wasn't for her lack of trying.
And solving my problem for me.
Not just the where the short version of it.
I'm having problems signing in.
Is resolve this issue sooner.
So this put a big delay on my action.
But as prescription is totally the worst.
But as far as today and yesterday the highest rating to both of those individuals.
Not spending such a long time on hold.
It's upsetting to the patient.
No that's everything's been excellent with the tier and the healthcare.
Just a little faster.
it not able to I'll understand.
Other than that a lot of it's not your fault.
Make the time a little shorter.
There weren't any issues at all.
It's not covered at all.
But the programs in general are good.
Probably more of the co pay for hearing aids.
You could've made your website a little easier to use.
Too much time to settle the problem.
Be consistent in the answers that I receive from different representatives.
It's not covered at all.
The call center has far too much noise in the background.
She knows her job she's a good employee.
Maybe more knowledge in the job.
You know one of those good tricks.
That's easier for me.
It's the delegation company that could do better.
Not just dental but vision as well.
And all the patience that she had.
(Unclear) all the answer or least cover total.
00 a month which was very acceptable to me.
to everyone and okay.
did all of my.
She's only 26 years old and I believe that she's an absolute asset to the UHC.
The departments really need to keep up with each other.
Just not happy with the delay in this process.
And she's following up on my question.
It sounds as though it's a new system.
It is our drug company and government issues that need to be resolved.
As I'm a senior citizen and just living off my social security.
Understanding what's going on.
Done better not a thing.
Can't think of anything at this point.
it's taken like 6.
Outside of that there is no other problems.
It's hard to understand.
Whereas with regular eyeglasses people when their eyeglasses (unclear) we have a problems.
(Unclear) ideal how we are.
And so many calls so many shipping me from one place to another.
And was professional in her responses.
Better response I guess.
She's very helpful and she needs a raise.
I'm not a mind reader or whatever they call it.
No improvement needed on my part.
Talk less about all of the different types of coverage.
2 of them weren't covered.
There was no room for other things better.
Had no problems at all.
both of them.
OK? Hello? This Optum RX thing is not good for me.
I've found that many times it's problematic in that colloquialisms between the languages can lead to be a problem.
There invariably is a language barrier of understanding.
A bad connection and so forth and so on.
They should be automatically directed to an English speaking American in our country.
(Unclear) discriminatory in any way just to make business better.
There's no improvements needed.
Your computers were very slow.
Too much transferred and too much.
Don't know improvements are necessary.
Less time on hold.
I'm not pleased with all other aspects of the healthcare plan but that's a whole different conversation.
Just more detail (unclear).
There was no accent issue or anything like that.
He says you're not on the list.
But your squeaky wheel gets the grease.
Otherwise your personnel are wonderful.
bad about it.
0 to 9 or something that is more specifically explained.
Other than you know.
In my case it was (unclear) for life.
and that's just not their fault of course.
Just a little in depth more in depth with you know the claims and how it was processed.
Your website shows there are none.
So as far as talking to the representative that was.
The problem really is the bureaucracy of your company.
That is a tacky way of doing things.
The problem is not with you.
That makes it more expensive for us and for you.
And the image on one is what we need to carry is just increase our quality of life by tenfold.
That would be helpful to a lot of people.
And less precertification time that's all.
Less of a wait time.
It seems canned and my issues.
He's a real asset to you.
All of your representatives are.
That is really annoying to one of your customers.
It is just too much of a hassle dealing with UHC.
It's horrible the way the system works.
Perhaps there's a way to do.
to bring the cost down a little bit.
(Unclear) learned a lot.
So your phone system really stinks.
things like that.
Calling there 5 times and getting disrespected 4 of those times.
Wasn't supposed to be a problem.
Your website is not totally up to date very well.
Other than that okay.
As far as the call is concerned nothing.
Nothing to do with your customer rep.
There's nothing to change except your stupid scaling system.
So the only thing that's wrong is your scale system.
It should be like zero to 9 or one to 9 instead of zero to 10 because there's no 10 on the key pad.
Probably not the best time to do it during the middle of the day.
It's just not right how they treat their patients.
All I'm looking for is accurate information and some of the information is different.
It's just the results aren't so great.
But it's just an issue that has been developed as a result of this call.
Little less jumping through hoops.
Most of it (unclear) larger numbers no problem on that little card on the back.
1 0 instead of 0.
and we've had a terrible tornado and thunderstorms and stuff.
There's no need for change.
But maybe some more clarity when the hold music is playing.
I like the answer.
So it's outside that one year.
Other than that you're doing great.
Maybe have records more readily available.
Less time on hold.
Which was not the customer service reps fault.
But is part of the system that we have to deal with.
I'm complaining about the 6/30/18 cut off date on the system for getting rewards.
And the other one wasn't done.
This person deserves a lot of recognition in your company.
the other day by the name of Fred (unclear) really was good.
I'm in a lot of pain.
Given it to me free LOL.
She is such an asset to your company.
She's good at what she does.
Not to do with the call but with your website.
The website is not working for me.
Who needs special dressings for wounds.
Change the survey so that the top number is 9 instead of 10.
But I'm learning and that's really not a criticism.
That's what I'm not satisfied being charged $65.
My problem was with your forms.
Would make it more efficient for me.
But that's the telephone company primarily.
Spent a lot of time with me.
what appears to be a minor infraction.
The darn thing is about as responsive as a (unclear).
Provided a (unclear) that really works.
they seem to approach the issues and accomplish our questions.
Instead of just denying it.
It's not possible to improve on perfection.
They achieve whatever goal.
(Unclear) explained some things a little better.
She really represents your company well.
All the material the papers and everything in June 1st and so then I'll be a full fledged member.
my (unclear) whatever situation it is there.
It's just that the issue couldn't be resolved today partly because of the holiday weekend.
that can always be an issue.
Very clear and concise and simplified the process.
I'm not sure if the issue has been resolved.
this is the fifth call in a row since 1:40 and it's now 5:22 so it's nearly 4 hours but 3 hours and something.
Other than that we're good.
It doesn't make a lot of sense.
And that is definitely not the fault of UHC.
So the survey really isn't accurate.
Less questions and more (unclear).
Prior to the one I'm on right now and it was.
Work on a holiday so I can solve this problem today.
Resolved my issue once and for all.
Only if everything (unclear) faster.
A better system to get to the right department.
And no more improvement.
that the representative could've done better.
I'm still not certain of what that means.
Which actually weren't problems.
But maybe she's new and also it's the day after a holiday.
The only problem was the doctor's office was not open that's the only problem.
A lot of wasted time this morning.
Kosek is in network and yes so is South Dentist's Dental Care all and the same.
So that's good because it's the closest one and only one actually.
Little bit more friendly.
There's really nothing that would add to improve the service.
So nope no improvement needed.
(Unclear) for those suggestions.
So I know which is the current one and what is the old one.
Many people many transfers from one person to another.
Much uncertainty and confusion.
Better than in the past.
Everyone rates an excellent as far as I'm concerned.
Maybe more rewards for other screenings than the 2 that are offered.
That's bad for you.
There's no need for any improvement.
We're looking for etymologists and there's a very scant selection of them and a couple of them that are in the book are.
Less time listening to the music.
It hurts in the ears.
So no problems at all.
Actually there was no need for improvement.
I think she's an asset to your company.
No nothing to improve on.
it seems like I'm at the mercy of this (unclear) company.
Whoever he is.
But there's just way too much noise.
And as far as my delivery.
He's really an asset to your company.
A week to ten day is a little too lengthy.
No major you know comments.
Even though it doesn't seem to appear on your record.
There is a language barrier here and that's always the problem.
You know what tier each drug falls under.
And (unclear) it's up to the government.
At this point nothing it's dependent on the other billing company.
And the confusion here ended up some place else.
However in everyone's life there's always room for improvement on anything.
It could personal or for the business.
Although your others have been good.
If she's not already a training supervisor she should be one.
Just having a (unclear) two places is not enough.
So that means that those were some very good employees.
Even the emergency room people won't see me.
She's still working on it and very accommodating.
Got transferred to this number to this whatever the h*** this is.
There was no reason to improve anything today.
And secondly it's to know the information.
Because it's (unclear) that should've been on the screen right then.
Not as professional people speaking and so forth.
And your company is great.
Did a lot of extra work and was extremely courteous.
It's just that the person voice was muzzled.
I'm 91 years old and she had a world of patience.
Maybe it would show on the updated but the other prescription didn't.
The webpage shouldn't set up was more user friendly for people like me.
Because some of us don't do well with recordings.
And continued good work at UHC.
There is no improvement at all on the insurance.
And another 10 for you guys.
Since it's the first time that I'm using the system.
The conversation is it's not to my expectation.
Because we senior citizens need you.
But as far as my interaction with the.
Nothing better on the phone.
Other than make your website a little bit easier to read.
It's a daunting issue of a hundred pages two hundred pages to read through.
It's the doctor's office that has the problem with their coding.
More than what is being done.
There's a lot of waiting when going to a consultation and can't.
Somehow increase the volume of the operators for those of us who are in our eighties to nineties who need more loudness and difficulty.
half the time it's not operating correctly.
Other than that everything's great.
Maybe the understanding of the letters when we spell our name.
So maybe you could refine if your robot answering service.
say that you have a great (unclear).
The amount of money they're charging is fricken ridiculous.
the problem lies strictly with them.
Just to verify that no more claims will be paid for this regiment and (unclear) from a fraudulent doctor.
done better for me.
So well informed people helps the process.
And he should be the benchmark that all your employees are measured by.
That doesn't make sense.
That would be just a waste of their time and your time too.
This is my first time calling in and there's.
Also where it asks you to identify signs etcetera in the pictures it's a pain.
But some more information for my mother and my mothers the best person in the world for us.
But that's the first time that's ever happened.
If it's three questions tell the person that up front.
But that's not within your power.
A faster response would be about it.
So there's something wrong with your billing.
Many years and thank you hun.
It's very hard for senior citizens.
OK is that the end of the questionnaire.
You have so many different dates that a bill has.
Pleased with the time and expertise of my rep.
It needs a little bit of work.
It's hard to get better service.
That's what we're waiting for to resolve this issue and by the end of this month I'm.
Apparently the service that is.
And explaining that the amount provided have (unclear) the plan has no relationship to the what the how much the plan pays and the how much we pay.
But it it's one paperwork comes (unclear) and says October 2017 (unclear).
And it's just paperwork that's holding it up.
The only thing is lower the rates.
Could be a better plan.
Would of liked more information on the.
And some good advice and a recommendation to get my awards thing going.
I think a person instead of the automated.
No just the computer wait time but that's understandable.
It's very difficult to navigate.
Because we pay more than anybody else in the whole world.
So something about the website and retiree is not clear.
Not anything at all 'cause the issue was resolved.
Automated system didn't go through at all.
It is a good way to keep hard pressure and any other (unclear) from your clients.
She's really an asset to AARP.
When the right calls you're very helpful.
Got that understood got some understanding about how a pharmacy and medicine works.
He knows what he's doing.
Nothing but praise from me.
But other than that it's okay.
Because they're related to me.
It's not her that made this difficult.
It was the whole deal with the hospital and stuff.
On top of everything right away.
No improvement needed for me today.
So was kind of a glitch on your end.
And have always protected me.
Seems that most of the claims that we process are denied.
Because the accent that was a problem for us.
A perfect service from the lady on the other side of the line.
the first response is just because of the limited use that I'm using the program but overall everything was fine.
There's no need for improvement.
(Unclear) other than that that's it.
Primarily your procedures not so much the representative.
And that will help solve things.
So the previous price of (unclear) going up (unclear.
the (unclear) book are not correct.
It's to do with the company and not the individual.
So just a little bit more clarity about that.
And but kind of scheduled advanced I'll have for the upcoming years.
Nothing for improvement from today.
Most of the time it is.
Went above and beyond every step of the way.
Little better speaking of English.
It's not resolved yet.
And to the wrong departments.
And that's the issue to take care of.
Because my doctor relationship is just superb.
And the cost is way to high for what you offer.
(Unclear) was not much wrong with the call.
The people need these.
(unclear) been warned about the co pay sooner.
So compared to a hundred and thirty eight seventy six I'd say no.
But other than that everything's great.
The provider messed up.
Speeding the process up.
I mean pages and pages and pages.
The beginning computer generated voice that's okay.
To resolve the problem that I have.
It's just the processing of our claim has been taking a long time.
Not short so much for services would be the number one thing.
Make the plans a little clearer than what they are.
the person I'm talking to which is a computer program.
Like mine says the (unclear).
That that (unclear) check one for that.
The agent was very great but the lack of doctors that'll take.
And same thing with your.
Today is the 30th so there's one more day before the 1st of June.
But that's out of your control.
So no further comment on that.
An immediate response would've been better.
Can't think of anything at the time.
But at least a pat on the back.
Got the information real quick.
The world is in trouble and the sickly and the poor and those that are in need of help.
It says well this number isn't working.
That is gonna be an increasing need amongst that generation.
The information just wasn't in the system yet.
Is there anything else.
The benefits aren't as good as they used to be.
Your name your birth date which really makes me mad.
The only thing better would not be on the phone service but on the statements.
The representatives talk too fast and to old people.
good for them.
Less prompts to speak with somebody.
So it's the same plan exactly the same plan just changed our address.
It was the concern and the answers bye.
It's even for just basic knowledge for tiers.
before we get a reasonable answer.
As far as extending a vision plan.
It's always good work from your service.
Well the 20% that I'm not covered for.
And the call with the gentleman was a complete waste of my time.
And really a waste of his time too.
And it's very convenient and it's to the point.
So somehow develop a way of doing at least annually.
It's only a 30 dollar difference but it can add up.
Your how to get into your account is a mess.
They deserve a ten on all of them.
And that's the way it should be.
Educated me a little more on the advantages of this great policy.
Avoided using the (unclear).
Covered the particular drug that apparently isn't covered.
Things take awhile.
Now that's (unclear) very good.
Elderly people don't get that kind of help.
Its probably a technical glitch but who knows.
It nothing to do with the call at all.
Maybe located the form a little quicker.
Completely opposite answers depending on the representative.
How much of it's gonna.
Because we're kind of both.
It was about the new drug (unclear) for shingles.
For us it's also a great help if it's that necessary for your information.
Was better for me as the patient.
Absolutely no help at all.
There is nothing better besides cutting down the wait time.
But no something needs be done from top all the way down including the so called top person in Daytona Beach.
If you have anything beyond that more in depth they're at a total loss.
There are a few of us that need more than the superficial answers.
And in helping me find a solution to my problem.
But as far as your representative.
10 stars for (unclear).
The second one acted about as dumb.
I've been experiencing a rare hair loss due to autoimmune called Lantis Planoplarious it's LPP hair loss.
I'm trying to find out what the status of my part D enrollment is.
My experience was 100% excellent (unclear).
And it's a lot of confusion for the patient.
Less time on hold.
My questions and explaining things to me.
and it says post sign in but it's going around.
Just this circle going around.
Can't think of a thing at this point.
Other than that nothing really.
The medications just getting too expensive.
It's a form that once a year you sign.
So no complaints at all.
Better accounting and communication for the last 3 years would've been a big help.
Explained our situation a little more clearly.
Since there are a few alternatives to it.
And what you (unclear) them.
Unfortunately it's all about diabetes and almost everything is tier 3 for diabetic.
The only thing better would have had lower price.
And different information from each one without ever really resolving the issue until today.
No suggestions except this duplicator.
The things are a little confusing.
It is a lot less taxing on your customer.
(Unclear) something at any moment (unclear) but to continue with the same format everything will indicate that the different employees.
Perhaps that's it but other than that it's great service.
One of the very good companies to work for or (unclear).
And UHC needs to try to meet in the middle at least.
They deserve the best rating.
But that has nothing to do with the call.
But in between the two (unclear) had an actual human to talk to.
It's kind of confusing.
And one of your (unclear) said (unclear) that's the NPI or-.
Everything's just getting too complex for old people.
He's just a little bit too chatty.
Your prices are too high for your ninety day stuff.
Explain the process a little bit better.
Which costs a lot more than the capsule.
What are the odds for that to happen? To get all kinds of help from her.
This has been an ongoing thing for years and there are not enough in network doctors in the eastern end of Suffolk County.
it's lacking in follow up.
Everything at UHC does is a 10.
Maybe that could be changed like a 1 to 5 instead of a 1 to 10.
But other than that no complaints.
Everything's as well as can be expected.
Much rather talk to a live person.
There's two or three things that could (unclear) improvement.
It's very crackly and hard to understand and communicate with the representative.
And they're very understanding with the issue.
The amount of items (unclear) I think (unclear).
Because it's not entirely clear from pages 104 and 105 of your booklet.
Saying the representatives name clearly would really help.
Other than that you're good.
Because you have the best run office.
The wait time and the system should be able to talk to each other so good service.
Resolved it (unclear) more quickly.
Not transfer over so many times.
The only thing is the lifetime between talking to the different agencies mine was.
No problems whatsoever with it.
When yet the people that are under the state help.
And for this most PPO's a lot of the times.
as helpful as she could be.
No matter who it is.
making things better.
Problem was resolved and it's a matter of paperwork.
Could've asked a more definitive question.
In regard to the questions that and the issue that we had today.
(Unclear) the first days when we were very new.
You were practically perfect in every way and couldn't improve the service.
Well if it's in the same envelope they should've cleared at the same time.
Your automated system needs to be fixed a little bit more.
Getting the call through is something else.
A big shout out saying great job on a Friday afternoon.
There's no improvement needed.
You have too many systems.
I'm told that the (unclear) hospital Charleton Methodist Hospital in (unclear) Texas is not a part of this.
You are giving too much paperwork.
So no suggestions at this time.
Just not happy with the drug plan.
As far as the service is concerned you.
I think it's the lab problem.
close to 120 dollars a year and every dollar counts with us.
Extremely friendly but business like.
A whole lot better than a lot of them.
But for this instance I'll say I'm completely satisfied.
I my complaint is about the forms.
There's no actual request to do better.
the short time I'm with you's and you's are all professionals.
Had no problem with you at all.
Or at the very minimum somebody from UHC.
Wait time could be less.
If there's more than ten I'd say 110%.
So maybe your ratings could be from one to nine or zero to nine.
Everything's been good no complaints.
And there was a tremendous difference between the two prices.
Been a little faster on the processing of my claim.
The statements need to state why service.
Perhaps there is another letter on the way.
little bit more patient.
To anyone that calls.
You could have (unclear) the whole process.
With a lot of courtesy.
could slow down a little bit.
There was a confusion that these two products which are highly.
They say the insurance wouldn't pay for it the (unclear).
Other than that I'm very happy with UHC the doctors the services and so on.
Sometimes (unclear) because (unclear) .
That's very unusual not to have trouble with representatives on the phone.
Everything's (unclear) all been done.
Maintain the quality that you're moving forward with.
As for this call I.
But there's something wrong with your phone system.
And there's no negative feelings for me towards him at all.
This is my first experience of things like this.
I'm having this ongoing problem with (unclear).
Less times being put on hold.
customer friendly to avoid sending people down rabbit holes and it just leads to frustration.
His thinking about (unclear) other problems.
