This is your big brother from West Virginia also your best friend from West Virginia.
OK and she's my little sister.
(unclear) very professional (unclear).
(Unclear) call with (unclear) was very courteous.
This is Beverly (unclear) her daughter.
(Unclear) talked about today.
This is Charlie (unclear) speaking.
if I'm going to pay 20 percent in network.
So I'd know what my 20 percent (unclear).
Can't answer that.
Can't remember it.
It's okay so far.
I'm on disability due to a head injury.
This is Meredith (unclear) for my mom Carly.
Excellent and like I said Nadine.
I hope (unclear) smooth (unclear) time.
I'm getting a little upset.
Am I done? Hello?.
You're being ripped off by these people.
It's a hold up with a.
I've got that slow Georgia slang.
You know I'm on a limited income.
I'm sorry I'm not sure.
Honey y'all are perfect.
So I'm hoping for a positive outcome.
And she should be known as an asset to United Healthcare.
This is from Dan Applegate in (unclear) North Carolina.
I'm either canceled or I'm active or it's like.
My doctor's not too far away from Walgreens.
So thanks a lot Crystal.
It's (unclear) east coast and Wanda on the west coast and both of them were fabulous.
And thanks to her and thanks to UHC.
You're doing good.
To everybody in (unclear) and to y'all in the Philippines.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
And also this goes to my best friend Jennifer.
and I'm glad to be part of your family.
I'm glad to be.
She's really (unclear) in your telephone staff.
You're lucky to have her on your staff.
Found someone that speaks complete English.
they're all in town but out of the question.
And I'm sure that's all part of it.
You're lucky to have her.
Everything's up in the air.
3 minute wait.
So I'm not discarding you with bad service there.
Pamela the person on the other end.
Taylor or Tyler I'm not sure.
And blessings to them in South Carolina.
So I'm a happy girl.
I'm going to hang up now.
Nobody's come to me.
So if you see that I'm inputting 1s it's because I'm on a phone.
Pleasant all the way around.
She's hard to get.
(Unclear) could've done better.
So I'm a happy camper.
It's easier to do 9 than 10.
I'm saying thanks to one and all.
Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia.
This goes out to all of them (unclear) and to all the Philippines the Phillipinas and the Phillipinos.
(Unclear) just trying to get the number.
'Cause this is ridiculous.
Seems that I'm having problem with a sign in to your website.
You've done well.
Y'all are just great.
I'm just looking for a regular Gynecologist.
Yes this is Debra Read and I'm so (unclear) apply with UHC.
This is from your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia.
That goes to all Manilla everybody in Manilla.
You're excellent job for me.
I (unclear) telephone (unclear) bye.
You're doing (unclear) right.
kudos she needs a raise.
And I'm not finished.
You have a wonderful representative by the name of Theresa in the dental department.
You're lucky to have her.
Nice being the operant word here.
Michelle is the one of.
somebody in the Philippines.
Had more knowledgeable people like Nolan.
Savilia something like that.
I'll hold on another minute get it.
Well Destiny was my representative.
Don't ask a 4th.
Don't really have one.
Y'all are very.
So at the end I'm happy.
I'm crazy (unclear) okay.
I'm not going to give into it.
Why should we have the service in the Philippine instead of United States but I'm happy with AARP.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia as well.
This goes out to everybody in Manila everybody in the Philippines Filipinos and the Filipinos.
Your (unclear) too complicated.
Also (unclear) also to all my friends from the Philippines the Philippines also to the last advocate.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia.
This is your best friend also this is your big brother from West Virginia.
I'm proud to be with your family.
(Unclear) you're doing good.
Can't think of a thing top notch service thank you.
This is Charles (unclear) speaking to you.
So I'll talk to you.
they're doing it.
This person Barbara (unclear) talking today.
left hand doesn't know what the right hand doing.
Don't wanna change (unclear).
And we'll hope it flies.
Meanwhile I'm not holding my breath.
They're all supposed to be tens.
I'm good to go.
Friendly and helpful.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
And also this is your big brother from West Virginia.
This is your best friend and your big brother from West Virginia.
So this goes out to everyone in Manila every Philippina Philippines and also Philippinos as well.
And also I'm glad to be part of your family.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia.
So I'm proud to be one of her family.
You're doing just fine.
Denise in San Antonio and David in Southwest Missouri near Springfield.
Just a nine so sorry about that but (unclear) a ten.
Okay this is your best friend and your big brother from West Virginia.
You're doing okay.
She's a keeper.
And also to everybody in Manilla Filipina Philippines and Filipinos.
I'm satisfied what y'all doing.
Which was really Panama City not (unclear) but Panama City is the prettiest place.
Don't need to change anything.
I'm not blaming them.
So if it works today I'm happy.
They don't understand what I'm saying.
Doing as much as she did (unclear) Austin Texas (unclear).
I think she's in Georgia.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and this my last advocate is from North Carolina.
So I'm totally at a loss here.
Your's are fine mine's poor.
You're sending the (unclear) to the wrong place and it needs to stop.
He's checking on that and also my.
And your best friend from West Virginia saying to everyone in Manila and to everyone from the Philippines Filipino and the Filipinos.
She's like my angel on Earth.
And nice doing business with Juan.
They're getting to big of a jump.
So they're not playing with an antidepressant.
They're not playing with an anti inflammatory.
She's a sweetie and she's very sweet to your customers.
That's why I'm switching from you guys back to Walgreens.
And your representative Shaka she's a keeper.
She's a keeper.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and saying to everybody in Walajala Mexico.
And this goes out to my best friend.
Don't talk too fast.
So I'm all just fine.
(Unclear) screwed up.
This is Sharon (unclear) talking to you from San Antonio Texas.
Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia.
Also and your big brother from West Virginia.
Everybody in Manila and close to the Philippines.
I'm ready to go.
And United's about the only place where you can call and talk to a human.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
And your big brother from West Virginia and also this goes out to everyone in Manila and also to the Philippines.
So I'll move along.
You've done enough.
So I'll leave it at that.
can't say enough for the help he provided.
This goes out to all the Filipinos Philippines Filipinos.
sh off about that one.
We'll see what happens.
We live in the United States.
And the dentist I'm going to is (unclear) family dentistry.
Did a A plus job at least today on this phone call with Kim from Wisconsin.
Your help Eldridge Stevens was excellent.
So this put (unclear) in a jam.
Bright happy people eager to help.
This Joy from Greensboro North Carolina was a joy to deal with.
(Unclear) go wrong.
Benefits guy he just.
(Unclear) went perfect.
It's my part to write the letter for grievance and appeal.
Jessie as awesome.
May 1st 2018 that says recently.
(Unclear) is stop switching Dr.
My name is Maryann Tapala trustee of the whopper (unclear) she file a trust.
She's good employee should be proud of her.
Don't change a thing.
He's in a Christian school all the way across town.
should've been changed.
My name's Henry (unclear).
How's that? Does that stop? Can't go any further?.
I'm a new member (unclear).
Hope this helps.
Okay this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia.
This goes out to all Manilla and everybody in the Filippina Philippines and the Filipinos and also this goes out to one person.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
And also this goes out to all the Philippines Philippinos and also to everybody in Manila.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
And this goes out to everyone in Manila in the Philippines the Philippinas and the Philippinos.
And also I'll we'll speak real soon.
100 if you can.
You're killing my time and not giving me any service.
And also I'm glad to be part of your family.
Also I'm glad to be part of the family.
Both John your representative a few minutes ago.
I'm having a hard time finding a dentist.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
I hope I'm in the right one.
He's an he's a asset to the company.
So I'm just new to this.
And I'm fine and thank y'all for your help.
So I'm a happy camper.
And I'm so confused right now.
Not being a suck a***** outfit.
I'm happy with UH thank you again.
The you know I'm satisfied.
You're doing everything (unclear).
I'd say that's a ten too.
Alright I'm going through the plan details here.
You're doing everything perfect.
Don't be greedy.
inside a big school here in Tulsa.
That's what I'm unhappy about.
Other than that I'm glad for UHC (unclear) bye.
(Unclear) with a (unclear) handled it very well.
y'all could (unclear) with some answers.
So thank you for all everybody from Manilla (unclear) Philippines Filipinos.
This is your best friend from West Virginia speaking to you.
Also this is your big brother from West Virginia.
I'm going to contact.
This is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
I'm glad to be part in your family.
I'm a little bit confused with the numbers from taking the survey.
I'm sure it's not Teresa's fault.
And thankful for y'all at United Health.
Think you're still recording.
(unclear) the gentleman is dealing with my problem.
I'd like that for her to be my personal assistant with UHC.
Lovline if I'm pronouncing it right is her name.
I'm okay with everything (unclear).
I'm not really sure.
Now I'll hang up.
Y'all need more agents like her.
Don't forget her name.
Could've done better.
I'm not blaming anybody for that.
You're doing great with everything.
I'm not very up on up to date on all this stuff.
This is (Unclear) Collins calling for my wife Shane Collins Federal Missouri.
This is your best friend from west Virginia.
I'm glad to be part of your family.
Well this is your best friend from West Virginia and big brother from West Virginia.
Saying I'm glad I'm in.
You're perfect 10's all the way through.
This is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
Pleasant and knowledgeable.
So this goes out to everyone in Manilla and the Philippines Filipinas Filipinos.
So this is (unclear) my little sister from Manilla.
I'm just a new member also.
Can't think of a thing (unclear) bye bye now.
This is your big bro friend West Virginia.
Also your best friend from West Virginia.
Also this is to all everybody in Manilla and also to all of Filipina Philippines Filipinos.
and this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia goes out to everyone in Manilla.
And also this is to it goes to the Filipinos Philippines Filipinos.
Also this is your big brother from West Virginia speaking.
I'm glad I'll be part of your family.
I'm telling you the truth.
So I'm no better off after the phone call at this point.
You're doing perfect.
If not I'll call back.
My names Roy (unclear) I'm retired from the City of Houston.
This is William Neock in Arizona thanks a lot over and out.
Well in parts of the United States.
She should be a blessing to your organization.
Edward A Martinez signing off have a wonderful day.
You're doing great.
You're doing a great.
Don't need to change anything.
I'm not interested in membership at the Y.
(Unclear) I'm gonna hang up.
(Unclear) to (unclear) solve the problem I'm having getting on through my medicine cabinet.
You're doing just fine.
They've been good to me.
Tank you bye.
I'm certainly glad I'm with you.
Hello how you doing? This is (Unclear).
We're dealing with UHC we're dealing with Epic if we could.
So y'all be blessed.
We're not buying magazines.
And I'm glad you're open 7 days a week.
Wish everybody from yesterday a happy Mother's Day.
Carla or Carela the representative possessed good customer skills.
And I'm not exaggerating this.
(unclear) accomplished so that's fine.
I'm going to hang up.
(Unclear) done well.
So Optum your days coming I'm afraid.
(Unclear) did a good job representing you.
She's a great employee give her a raise bye bye.
(Unclear) I take off.
He's got good knowledge.
Would've been nice to have the Lotto number.
Okay? That's all I'm going to say.
'Cause now I'm gonna call your prior authorization people.
The only thing I would like is a (unclear) 24 hour fitness Silver Slipper.
Quick in (unclear).
She's a keeper.
Maybe expedite with the (unclear) other than that I'm satisfied with how it went.
(Unclear) hang up or something.
So I'm looking forward to that.
'Cause you (unclear) 7 times with different people.
And I'll think about that one.
Just (unclear) good enough about him.
I'm out of there.
Everything I'm saying is gospel.
This is Miss Eleanor (unclear).
So I'm happy thanks.
I'm not really good at that.
I'm really not a computer person.
Amen and Jesus Christ (unclear).
So I'm (unclear) tomorrow my result of this call.
You've done real well.
(Unclear) and your very good at it.
That's why I'm making a second call.
(Unclear) to do it.
Touch Stone is going to do it from their end.
So I'm a little upset with that.
I'm wheelchair bound and a senior citizen.
I'm not sure of anything.
So if not I'll call back.
And I'd say she's a eleven out of ten.
You're lucky to have her.
I'm giving a very high rating and thank you.
Well I'm on a Eloquis blood thinner that doesn't have a generic.
Gloria (unclear) here.
You're second to none.
So it wasn't showing up on my agent Shakira's North Carolina concord screen.
And again I'm with you and with AARP UHC.
Well my Michael C is his name.
Y'all didn't need the service rep now.
You've done well.
And I'm not used to getting (unclear) kind of service.
You're doing just fine.
Michelle should be the president of your company.
And I'll call again.
I know it's a new office.
Have the person little slower (unclear) English.
(unclear) me my (unclear).
And I'm seeing real good doctors.
So I'm real grateful to United Health Way and Wellmed.
So my brother Dr.
So instead of Optum RX getting the.
It's horrible to hear the people.
Why I'm paying so much.
I'm on a fixed income and I'm not really making month to month man.
Everything's cool thumbs up.
Beep that's it.
Are you done? Hello? No-.
(Unclear) right now (unclear) handled to my satisfaction.
So I'm fine with everything that happened.
She's to be commended.
You've done well.
I'm going to finish up on my job now.
She's really good at her job.
That's why I'm giving you a seven.
Don't wait 'til it's down the line.
Doctor Jeffrey Starkey very good Ophthalmologist and we need him in the network.
Well I'm not through with the call yet.
Or not the Miami Beach and that's it.
I'm getting billed for something that should.
You're doing the job perfectly.
They're having a United Health thing over at the YMCA in Dapekka Rhode Island.
So another problem comes along I'll give y'all a call.
She's a keeper.
I'm not good at this cell phone.
I'm hoping for the best.
They didn't know a lot about Epic in New York State.
I'm very pleased that the State of Connecticut (unclear) one with UHC every time I've called.
And you're not covering that.
I (unclear) Ed (unclear) fine.
I'll see if (unclear).
(Unclear) think the.
more than a 4 I'd give it a 10.
He's the 4th person I've talked to.
And my name's Diane (unclear).
That's in Cincinnati Ohio 45273 9974 (unclear) reference (unclear) situation (unclear) alright.
(Unclear) so that's it.
This is your best friend from West Virginia saying everybody in (unclear) Mexico.
I'm (unclear) be off the grid now.
(Unclear) don't fix it.
I'm guessing that it was.
Right now I'm in pain with my tooth.
Great representative in Chris.
You're just a ten all the way.
And I thank y'all from the bottom of my heart.
(Unclear) nice and good.
I'll talk to you later.
I'm not sure right now.
I'll go to the non contracted one.
And now I'm going to collections.
I'm grateful for UHC thank you.
My touch tone phone doesn't have a ten on it so I'm pressing one zero for ten.
I'm used to that.
I'm not sure right now.
And you're into the survey.
They're full of personality.
Enjoyable on a Monday monring.
(Unclear) no you.
I'm not sure why back at that time.
I'm going to call the insurance commissioner.
Right now I'm waiting for some responses.
would've worked or not.
You've done perfect.
About today's call that's (unclear) is probably the best in information wise time wise knowledge wise.
I'm not (unclear) for (unclear).
(Unclear) to me professionally.
That's what I'm saying usually.
We've been fine all along.
Talk slower for an old man that's hard of hearing.
This is to this is your best friend and your big brother from West Virginia.
That'd be the best.
Y'all have good representatives and she's one of them.
My Social is XXX.
So I'm a happy camper.
This is from your best friend from West Virginia and also and your big brother from West Virginia.
sh mail because I'm tired of this.
No Misses Kendice Hutchison was great.
(Unclear) finish talking to my representative.
And they're keepers on the payroll.
And they're in Temple Texas area.
We're good to go.
Don't make things so complicated.
(Unclear) to (unclear).
I'm trying to think.
Change the recordings for the example from April 1st which is April Fools day.
Don't ever lose her.
But I'll keep trying.
Agent could speak better English.
That's y'alls talent.
He loves every one of you.
It's about Lake Counties and proving that we had insurance.
I'm not feeling well.
(Unclear) ten plus to the representative who helped me today.
Up to my professional expectations thank you.
That'll be fantastic.
usually I'm the one that give you all a 10.
The lady from Texas deserves a raise.
You're on the right track.
I'm not sure of anything.
well the people that I've talked to in both office.
Very nice lady on the other end.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
This goes to everyone in (unclear) Mexico.
This is your best friend from West Virginia.
Down in (unclear) Mexico senorita.
This is coming from your best friend from.
Saying I'm glad to be part of your family.
And I'm glad to be part of your family.
It's a wonderful employee that you have and I'm.
this goes out to everyone in Manilla and to the Philippines and to the Philippines (unclear) and also this is.
I'll catch you the next time.
I'm in good shape now.
Y'all satisfied me.
So she's a keeper as far as I'm concerned.
Good morning this is Stewart Hartsen from Staten Island New York.
And I'm happy now.
You've always.
I'm not finished yet.
we're caught up (unclear).
You're doing great.
I am Alexander Balagua from Baltimore United States.
so far I'm going to stick with this plan.
I'm a little misted about that.
It's called hold on I gotta think of the name it's Dual Plan.
I'm sorry it's part of the policy.
I mean a 10.
You're lucky to have her.
She's out out in Arizona.
And Teo he's from Missouri.
I'm going to hang up now.
I'm a little disdained about that.
I'm thinking of looking into (unclear) next year.
I'm going to True Blue.
And also I'm glad for you.
Good all the way around I'm pretty sure.
I'm 78 now my husband's 78.
You're Christians most of you.
Christian the representative.
66 that's my age.
This goes out to my little first Angie.
(Unclear) it's hard to understand somebody with an accent.
(unclear) number on that one just a seven.
Like I'm sure it's overdone.
I'm just dissatisfied UHC.
And outstanding excellent okay 10 10 10 to the tenth power and then to the tenth power squared.
And this is my second year with you and it'll next year.
So I'm learning this new phone.
Not to my doctor's office.
I'm hard of hearing.
I like Miss Dawn.
I'm not really sure.
And Michelle Fuller gain y'all a couple of.
Basically I'm just gonna.
And they're a credit to the company.
And I'm a happy camper.
I'm sorry that was a mistake.
Representative (unclear) very well.
This is John Fitzgerald in your recorded message.
Above a 10 if you ask me.
to y'all to call the number.
Y'all have a blessed day for today.
Liked the man very well.
(Unclear) make a decision today on (unclear) drugs.
This is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
this is from your big brother from West Virginia and your big.
and your friend from West Virginia.
Also and then to the Philippines Filipinos.
I'm glad that I'm part of your family.
And I'm not in good health.
(Unclear) and I give the 4 okay? Thank you bye.
I'd say nothing on the call.
I'm looking for the right.
enjoyed talking to the lady.
Now I'm just receiving this information now.
Could've been a little faster that's all.
So next year I'll have to rethink this plan.
(Unclear) understanding thank you.
Anyway it's being investigated.
And I'm not her relative I'm just a client.
I'm not sure about that a miracle.
(Unclear) appreciate the time (unclear).
Yes a lady.
She's good at her job.
(unclear) very helpful so I'm gonna.
I'm not really sure.
That's a take home question.
I'm going to sign off now.
Right now I'm all set.
I'm so happy (unclear) her.
So someone who can speak clearer English.
Actually sorry it's two things.
It's you and your robots that repast the same thing 6 7 times.
He's going to be toast.
They're good listeners.
It's 10:00 New York time on Saturday.
Okay this goes out to my favorite country girl from Guadahal Mexico.
Also this is from your best friend from West Virginia and also as a big brother from West Virginia and (unclear).
He's a keeper.
everyone in Manilla and also to all the Philippines Filipinas Filipinos.
OK this is to my favorite girl from Manilla.
this is to my favorite girl.
To all the Filipinas Philippines and Filipinos.
This is your loyal member from West Virginia.
He's your best friend his your big brother.
It's okay for me.
This is your best friend from West Virginia also this goes out to all of Manilla everybody in Manilla and to every Philippines Philippinas and also Philippinos.
oh and Lee was in Idaho.
That's what I'm talking about.
Be blessed Angela.
I'm sorry for the noise stop it.
I'm going to look into that.
I've been a UHC (unclear).
This is to everyone in Manila and this to everyone in the Philippines Filopena's Filipino's.
She's to be commended.
So I'm appreciate that.
This is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
This is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and take care of yourself darling.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
So I'm going to have back today's call.
Okay this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia.
And I'm not a relative or a friend.
My birthday is March the 25th 1940 (unclear) birthday on March the 25th 1940 goodbye.
Or my member ID number I'm sorry.
I'm not a member etcetera.
Yes this is Jay (unclear) giving you a reply.
So I'm disabled so that's the deal.
So I'd like to speak to a regular person.
So I'm in good shape.
Can't think at this moment.
I'm sick of it.
English first because I was raised in the United States but I'm from Puerto Rico.
Meanwhile they're charging me tier two.
Which I'm paying double what I'm supposed to.
It's a pleasure speaking to him.
Hello? Hello? Hello? Did they hang up?.
I'm on a fixed income like everybody else my age.
And the time is here in New York that's 20 minutes to 1.
boy he's a keeper.
So I'll hang up.
High praises for her.
Anyway a Ewyatta is her name.
I'm just waiting for more information about my plan.
Christopher (unclear) in your in network ENT.
I'm a new member with y'all.
(Unclear) send out.
Well I (unclear) information a month ago.
'Cause this is getting bad.
Today's representative (unclear) from Georgia she took care of everything.
Hello? Hello? Hello? Are we finished? Should I hang up?.
I'm not finished right yet.
Good training I think.
So I'm at a year.
Everybody's telling me different things.
We're very (unclear) the supervisor (unclear).
I'd like to change the nine to a ten.
You're doing great.
And I'm an old person.
It's a pleasure to deal with you.
Outstanding job by a man named Andrew.
I'm going to start using my bank.
You're doing great.
and Lastisha they were horrible.
Your background music when I'm on hold is awful.
Your man Justin handled this perfectly.
Well I'll hang up.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
So I'm hoping she will.
This is coming from your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia.
A best friend (unclear) my back.
And I'm sorry about that.
This is your big brother from West Virginia and also your best friend from West Virginia saying to all everybody in the Philippines Filipinas Filipinos.
This goes out to you my best friend Karen.
I'm good to go.
Now I'm that I'm using your plan I'm finding that things have changed.
I'll tell you that much.
Wonderful day with the UH worker Angela from South Carolina North Carolina.
And they're a screwed up building.
Tell her Cornetta from Clearwater Florida says good luck with the baby.
I'm thinking about it now.
So we're just a little confused.
Good morning this is Gary Barkus.
They're showing HMO is worth nothing.
I'm glad to be a UHC member.
So I'm 110 perfect satisfied thank you.
She's a good person to talk to people.
It's a back and forth.
Really liked William.
She's a keeper.
But I'll try again.
I'm not talking about the people here.
(Unclear) hours just to be (unclear) connected to another person.
(unclear) able to do that for the award.
Okay and this Mary Ludskin speaking.
(unclear) call there was nothing.
(Unclear) give y'all a four.
That's what makes me upset with United Health.
It's good to have him on board.
You're killing us poor people in the world.
Okay this is coming from your big brother from West Virginia.
So I'm left out in the wind.
This is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
Everyone from the Philippines.
And this goes to my best friend Eliana.
And also that's my little sister.
I'm sure they're going to take out the premium on the 1st.
I'm still learning all of this stuff I'm newly retired.
we're all having trouble here.
I'm not on it yet.
Doesn't recognize voices.
Hello this is coming from your big brother from West Virginia.
And to everyone from Manila to (unclear) to everyone from Manila.
We're going to need an address.
We're going to need correct spelling.
I'm the representative of my mother in law Margaret Les.
So I'm trying again.
This is your best friend from West Virginia speaking.
So I'm glad to be part of your family.
Okay this is coming from your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia.
I'm not even sure.
We love UHC and the visit with the representative today went great.
That's where we're at.
Very patient because I'm slow.
So I'm satisfied right now.
kind caring and that's it.
Y'all keep him on.
So I'll look at that next year.
So everything's perfect as far as I'm concerned.
I'm on a quest with answers.
4 years ago.
And Brian Thompson owns your company.
He (unclear) do dirty.
He's struggling with cancer.
He's worse than the reps down on the floor.
They're just great ladies.
who I'm doing right now.
My Name is Kim Ahmed I'm doing this survey for the lady from Georgia.
So I'm okay with it.
I'm 85 years old but I'm trying to get some kind of togetherness.
Y'all (unclear) asking for.
Can't think of anyhting right now.
Don't need to change a thing.
It's doing good (unclear).
So I'm going to stop the survey now.
Okay that's the end of my little speech.
(Unclear) definitely top of the line as far as I'm concerned.
Not in English but in Spanish.
But I'd like it in Spanish.
(Unclear) answered everything.
He's just a gentleman.
You're doing real good.
And that's why I'm in AARP.
I'm not sure of any.
a gentleman named Morgan.
You're doing the right thing.
Living in the Philippines.
I've (unclear) always been pleased.
So once again David in Pocatello Idaho he deserves an 'ataboy.
I'm supposed to paying 50 something.
She's that I'm that impressed with her.
Today I'm realizing that we have the fitness benefit with Silver Sneakers.
And I'm stilling trying to get it.
So you're doing great service.
She perfect for me.
And I'm a 62 year old man.
I'm talking about excellent.
It's always a pleasure to talk to United Health.
Really enjoyed talking to the representative (Unclear).
I'm hoping that this (unclear) goes through.
Was a pleasure working with Ricardo.
what I'm looking for.
And wow I'm impressed.
Yes this is Dora Stevens and I have been a member of the United Healthcare.
Don't get into personal stuff.
And I'm happy as can be.
I'll be back shortly.
So Dawn is a keeper.
So that's why I've given 10 in each category.
(Unclear) the person that.
And they're calling two of my doctors.
And play better music my husband said.
And then today I'm told another thing.
I'm sure that was inaccurate.
You're fine with me.
I'll wait and see.
So I'm happy the way it was handled.
(Unclear) why I'm not getting my medication.
No actually thank you very much (unclear) customer service.
So Just talked with this Ruban.
