There was nothing more you could do for me.
I'm pleased to say that there was not one thing you could do better for me.
There was nothing else I could add to make it better.
There isn't anything that I could do no better than what has already been done.
There was nothing you could have done any better than was done for me.
There was actually nothing that could have been better for this inquiry that I had.
There is nothing I would change I like UHC.
There wasn't anything better that could be done.
So there was nothing that she could have improved on.
There was nothing you could have done better for me.
So there was nothing more that they really could do.
There was nothing else did okay.
There is not one thing that you could have done better.
There are many things you can do better.
Absolutely nothing could have been better than the information that I just received.
There's no way you could have improved.
Well there is nothing you could have done better it was perfect.
There wasn't anything that you could have done better today on the call.
Actually there was nothing I would add to what the representative did.
There is absolutely nothing that could have been better about this conversation.
There was nothing better you could do for me.
There's really nothing that could have been handled in a more professional or helpful way.
There was nothing you could have done better for me.
There is not one thing you could have done better for me.
There isn't anything that could be done better.
(Unclear) was absolutely nothing else you could have done to make that call more perfect.
There isn't anything you could have done better for me.
There was nothing more she could do to explain.
I'm not sure there was anything you could do better for me.
There was actually nothing better that could have done.
There is nothing more you could do for me.
There was nothing to do better.
I think there was nothing extra you could have done better for me.
And there was nothing in my view that Raymond could have done any better.
There is always something better you can do.
There was not a thing you could have done differently.
That is not a thing you could have done better.
There is nothing better you could have done.
There wasn't one thing that you could have done better for me.
There was nothing better to give.
There really isn't anything that could have been done better.
There is nothing that she needed to do any different.
There was nothing you could have done any better for me.
There really is nothing I can think of that could be done better.
There was nothing that you could do better for me because my situation was resolved.
There is nothing that I can think of that could have been done better on the call.
There was really nothing you could have done better for me.
There is nothing that Daniel could have done better for me.
There was nothing more that anybody could do with the problem I was calling about.
No at this point nothing could be better.
There really isn't anything you could do better it was just perfect.
That's the only thing they could have helped me with.
I think there was nothing more you could do at this point.
As of right now you have nothing that you can do any better.
There is nothing you could improve upon today.
There was nothing more she could have done she's phenomenal.
There was really nothing that she could have done to make it any better.
There isn't anything you could have done better for me.
You answered everything and there was nothing that could be improved upon.
What could you have done better for me.
And there is nothing else she could have done for me.
There was actually nothing else to do.
There is nothing you could do to make it better.
There was nothing that could been done better than your representative advised me on the situation.
You were excellent and nothing can be said or changed.
There was nothing better to do.
So actually there's nothing that the representatives themselves could do for me.
There is nothing she could have done better for me.
There wasn't anything you could do better because the (unclear) that I spoke to was fantastic.
There was nothing the agent could do about it.
There was nothing you could do better for me.
At this time there is nothing you could do better thank you.
There is nothing else could be done any better than what he did and I appreciate it.
There was nothing more the customer service representative could have done.
There was nothing that you could have done better for me.
There was nothing you could do to nothing you could've done to make it better.
There was really nothing you could do better for me.
So there is no changes that I would suggest.
So nothing that there would be no way that she could have done a better job than what she did.
And there is absolutely nothing that could be better.
There was nothing you could do better after today.
There was nothing better that you could do.
So there is nothing on this particular call or this case that could have been done any better.
There was nothing that you could have done better for me.
There was nothing you could do better that Gabriel could do better.
So there is nothing that you could do that could've been differently.
There is nothing that you could have done better for me.
Actually there is nothing you could do that would have been better.
Well there really was nothing better they could do.
There was nothing that (unclear) could do any better.
There could be nothing better that you could have done.
I was satisfied there wasn't nothing else they could do.
There is nothing better that anyone could do.
There is not a thing better you could have done.
There really wasn't anything that could be done better.
There was nothing you could do to improve the call.
As far as I know there was nothing that could be done any better than the service I got.
Actually there was nothing better that you could do.
There was nothing better that they could have done.
There is nothing you could done any better thank you.
So at this point there was nothing that she could do any better.
There is nothing better you could do for me.
I'm sorry there is nothing you could have done that would be better.
There was nothing to do better.
There was nothing necessary that you have to add.
Yes I there was nothing else that could be done better.
The one thing that they could have have better for me.
there's nothing else that could be any better or that you could change.
There was absolutely nothing better you could do.
There was nothing to do better.
There was nothing better you could do.
Actually there wasn't anything better you could have done for me.
There was nothing you could do to change it.
There's not much more you could do.
Nothing could be better you took care of all my questions.
There would be nothing you would need to do better for what our experience was over here.
There was nothing that you could have done better for me.
There is nothing you could have done better for me.
At this time there isn't anything that could have been done better.
There is nothing more that you could have done for me.
There was nothing that could you could do that would have been better than the results I got today.
There was nothing to be better.
There was absolutely nothing you could have done better than you did today.
There wasn't anything more you could do.
There is not a thing that you could have done better.
So there was nothing that he could have done that would have made it better.
There really wasn't anything that could be done better.
There is nothing that could have done better for me.
There was nothing that I needed any more.
There was nothing that you could have done better for me today.
And it I there was nothing that could be done to improve it.
And there's never anything that you guys could do better.
There is nothing more that you could have done.
There is nothing he could have done better for me.
If there was any improvement that need to be done I cannot think of one.
There was nothing else I needed.
There is not one thing that you can do better.
There wasn't nothing more that you could do for me.
In this case there's nothing better you could have done.
There is absolutely nothing that could have been done better for me.
So there's really no other way she could have done it better.
So there is nothing that you could do to improve service.
There is nothing that you could have done better it was an excellent experience.
Actually there is not anything that Beatrice could have done better.
There wasn't much more the lady could do.
There wasn't anything that you could have done better than what you the lady her name is Tamara had to do.
There is absolutely nothing you could have done better thank you.
There was nothing that you could do anymore than what you did and (unclear) everything was taken care of just fine.
There was nothing that you could improve on.
There wasn't anything additional that she could have done for me.
There isn't anything you needed to do better.
There was nothing that UHC or its employees could have done better for me today.
The only thing you could have done better is had paid the bill.
Actually there was nothing that you could have done better for me.
There was nothing else that you could do better for me.
There is nothing better you could have done for me.
There isn't much more that they could have done for me.
There was nothing you could've did better than what she did.
For this experience there was nothing that I needed to have done any better.
There really isn't anything that could have been done better.
There was actually nothing that the representative could have done any better.
There was absolutely nothing that could have been done any better and it was beyond way beyond my expectations.
There's not a thing that they could have improved on.
there was some things missing that we did not understand.
Everything was completely satisfactory to me and there's no way that you could do anything better.
There is really nothing that this gentleman could have done better for me.
The one thing you could do better is have more Jay.
There is nothing you could have did better for me.
The customer service person did a great job nothing could have been done differently.
Oh there is nothing else that you could have done better.
There was nothing more that you could have done for me today.
The only thing you could have done better was it could have been a little shorter time of looking the things up.
That would be the one thing you could do better for us.
Not too much could make it better.
There was nothing more you could do.
There was nothing better y'all could do.
There is not really anything that I could say to make it any better.
There was nothing you need to do.
There is nothing that you can do to make it better.
Yes there is actually nothing that could have done better.
There wasn't anything more that could be done.
There was nothing that you could've did any better than what the representative did.
There was nothing else you could have done better for me.
There was nothing I would have changed at all.
There actually wasn't anything that could be done better.
There was nothing more that they could have done to make me happier.
Actually there was nothing that could be better.
One thing that would have been better was to have somebody that spoke a little bit clearer.
Following conversations with Josh and Martin nothing could be better.
There was nothing better that you could have done for me.
there really is nothing you could have done better and the agent was wonderful.
There is nothing you could have done better for me.
There was nothing to do better.
Actually there is nothing you could have done better for me.
There wasn't anything else that the representative could do that was better.
There really wasn't anything that could have been done better for me.
One thing you could have done better for me is absolutely nothing.
There is nothing better that you could do for me.
There is nothing to do better.
There was not anything else you could have done for me.
There is absolutely nothing that the company can do better for me.
There was really nothing that you could have done better so that'll be it.
The one thing you could have done better for me.
Actually there was nothing else to do.
There was nothing else you could do at this time.
There's not one thing that Steve could have done different or better.
There wasn't anything more you could do (unclear).
There is nothing that could be done better on this phone call.
There is really nothing that I can say that would be better.
Everything was excellent there's nothing better that you could do.
There is nothing whatsoever that you could have done better for me.
There is nothing you could have done better for me.
nothing that could be done beyond what I did.
There was nothing I would improve on.
There wasn't one thing you could do better for me.
So there really wasn't anything that you needed to do better.
There was not much you could do.
There wasn't anything that you could have done better for me.
There was nothing that could be done better for me.
There wasn't anything that could have been done better for me.
Well honestly there was really nothing else you could have done better.
There is nothing else y'all could have done any better.
What could you have done better.
There's not one thing that you could do better.
There wasn't really anything that needed to be better.
There was nothing I found wrong with the call.
What can you have done better.
in a detailed way so there was nothing much that I would add on.
There was nothing you can do to make the service any better.
There is nothing that they could have done better for me.
There is nothing more that you could have done.
There was nothing that I didn't need no putting it on anything.
There is absolutely nothing that anyone could do to make my conversation better.
There wasn't anything you could do better for me.
There wasn't anything Mary could do in addition.
Actually there's nothing you could do that would be more helpful.
There is not one thing that you could have done better.
There couldn't have been anything that was done better.
There isn't anything better you could have done for me.
No there was no issues that you could have done better.
One thing you could do better for me.
There was nothing else I needed.
There wasn't anything else that the representative could have helped me with.
There was really nothing better you could have done.
There is nothing better that you could have done.
I guess there is nothing that could be done better.
So there is nothing more I would want.
There is nothing you could have done for me that was better today.
The information was great and there was nothing you could do to improve it.
There was nothing you could do better for me.
There was nothing that you could have done better for me today.
Actually there was nothing that the gal could have done any better.
There's nothing needs to be changed that she could have done better.
So there's really nothing that you could do to make it better.
What could he have done better? Nothing.
There was nothing I needed done other than what was already done.
There is nothing that you could of done better for me.
There is not one thing you could have done to make it better.
There was no way she could do any better than what she did.
So no I have no nothing to report you could do better.
There was nothing else that I needed.
There wasn't anything that could be improved actually.
There is nothing you could have really done for me.
There was nothing you could have done better for me.
Actually there is nothing that I had a problem with.
There isn't anything you could have done better for me.
There was nothing else you could have done for us.
She was nothing (unclear) to do better.
There is absolutely nothing I could say in order to be better.
You did just fine there was nothing else that needed to be done.
There was nothing that you could do better for me.
Concerning this problem she said there's nothing you all could do about it.
There wasn't much more much better that really he could do.
It was actually nothing you could have done better for me.
There was absolutely nothing more that she could have done.
There was nothing they could do to make it any better.
The only thing you could have done better was the system to be running.
There wasn't anything more you could do.
I mean there was nothing that you all did (unclear).
Well there was nothing else you could have done for me.
So there's not much else she could have done.
There is nothing better that you could have done for me.
Actually there was nothing that you could have done better for me.
Everything was fine no you couldn't have done anything better it was the best.
There is actually is nothing that you could have done better for us.
The one thing you could have done better.
There isn't anything you could have done better for me.
There was nothing you could do better for me.
There isn't anything you could have done better for me.
There wasn't anything else you could have done better for me.
There could be nothing better at all.
At this point there was nothing that you could do better for me.
No other things need to be done.
There is nothing you could have done better for me today.
So that's what you could do better is.
And whatever he could do today he did.
There was nothing more you could do.
The only thing that might have been better is if there were no hold time.
There is nothing you could do better for me.
There was nothing to be better at.
No other things could be done to improve the services.
There was nothing that you could do better for me.
It was nothing that you could have done better for you.
Well there was nothing you could have done better for me.
There was nothing extra that I needed.
There was nothing you need to do about the call.
There was nothing to do better.
There wasn't anything that you needed to improve on.
There was nothing else that you could have done better for me.
Actually there was nothing that you could do better for me.
There was nothing else that you could have done for me today.
There was not a thing that she could do any better.
But things that you could do.
There was nothing you could have done better for me.
There was nothing else that they did needed to do for me.
Far as I'm concerned there is nothing that you could have done better.
There wasn't anything else she could do better for me.
There was really nothing you could do better for me.
There was nothing you could do better for me.
There's not much more you could do.
