Nothing at all that you could have done better.
There's not anything you could have done any better.
There's nothing you could do better for me.
I'm not sure there's anything you could have done better.
There's nothing you could improve on it was wonderful.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
All my questions were answered so there's nothing you could have done better.
Well nothing you all did you did what you needed to do.
So there's nothing that you could have done any differently.
There's not anything you could have done any better.
There's absolutely nothing you could have done better for me.
Actually there's nothing else that you could have done better for me.
there's nothing else that you could have did no more than what you have done.
there's nothing you could have done better because it.
There's nothing else she could have done for me.
There's nothing that you could have done better for me.
There's not anything you could have done any better.
There's was nothing you could ave done done better.
There's nothing that you could have done to make it better.
There's not much you could have done better.
There's nothing more you could do better.
There's nothing else you could have done better for me.
Not sure that there's anything you could have done better.
There's really nothing that anyone could have done any better.
There's really nothing you could do better for me.
Have to say there's nothing he could have done better for me.
There's nothing you could have done better with that great service.
There's really nothing better you could have done.
There's not really anything you could have done better.
It wasn't anything you could have done better today.
There's nothing more that you needed to do any better.
There's nothing that they could have done any better they did just what I asked for.
There's nothing you could have done to make it any better.
Really there's nothing that she could have done better.
No there's nothing that you could do better.
no complaints or anything that you could do better.
There's nothing she could have done that would have been any better because she's excellent.
It's not what y'all could have done better.
Nothing you could have done than what you did that was done for me today.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
There's not one thing that you could have done better for me.
There's nothing better you could have done for me.
There's nothing you could have done better on this particular phone call.
Yes there's nothing you could have done better for me.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
Well there's nothing you could have done better for me.
There's nothing that you could have done better for me.
There's not been a thing you could have done better.
There's really absolutely nothing that you could have done better.
There's nothing that the representative could have done better.
There's nothing that she could have done any different.
There's nothing that you can change to make it any better.
Well there's really nothing I think that could have been done better.
To be perfectly honest with you there's absolutely nothing that you could have done better.
No the one thing you could have done better.
I got all the information I needed and there's nothing you could have done better.
There's nothing you could have done better because this was perfect.
Everything was good there's nothing you could do any better.
There's nothing that anyone could have done better to help me.
There's really not anything that you could have done better.
There's nothing that Miss Elina could have done better.
Yeah there's really nothing you can do better.
You did there's nothing you could have done better for me.
It's really nothing anything that she could have done better.
There's nothing more that he could have done to have helped us.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
There's nothing you could have done better on the call today.
Absolutely nothing you can do to make it any better.
There's nothing else that you could have done that was better.
I have nothing that y'all could have done better for me.
I think there's nothing you could of done better.
There's absolutely nothing that you could of done better.
There's nothing you could have done better for me it was excellent.
There's nothing the representative could have done better for me.
There's really nothing that you could have done better for me.
There's nothing that you could do better for me.
There's not anything better you could have done.
There's absolutely nothing you can do to make things better.
There's not anything you could of done better.
There's nothing else you could have done to improve it.
There's absolutely nothing else that Crystal could have done for me.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
Nothing that you could have done better that you guys always do a good job here.
There's nothing you could have done better for me.
There's nothing else you could ave done for me.
There's nothing she could have done better for me.
There's nothing much or better they could have done for me.
There's nothing more you could do for me.
There's nothing you could have done better great service thank you.
There's nothing else that you could have done any better.
and nothing you could have done was better because it.
So there's nothing you could have done better for me.
Well at this time there's nothing that you could have done better.
There's nothing you could have done to make it better.
There's not one thing you could have done better.
So there's really nothing you can be doing better.
There's nothing you could have done better except make it a less expensive call.
There's really nothing Justin could have done better for me.
I'm satisfied there's nothing more you could have done.
There's really nothing that could have been done better for me.
There's really nothing that you could have done better.
There's absolutely nothing that could have been done better for me.
There's really nothing that Derek could have done better for me.
There's absolutely nothing that could be done better.
Nothing you could have done better for me today.
There's not anything you could have done any better.
There's nothing that the service representative could have done better.
There's absolutely nothing you could have done better for me.
There's nothing you could do to help make it any better.
Actually there's nothing that you can do better.
There's absolutely nothing that needed to be done better.
There's nothing you could have done better today on this call.
Nothing nope you couldn't have did anything better.
Darling there's nothing you can do better for me.
nothing else you could have done for me.
