I would say to let the caller know that it's the end of the call.
But I was afraid that if I put a ten in then you were gonna come up with a zero and not the ten.
But I don't (unclear) that I put in I put in one zero and I think (unclear) because the gentleman he deserved a ten but it only came up as the zero.
So I think you answered the questions (unclear).
Knew what he was talking about.
So I need to call them now and check it out with them but he was very helpful.
At this time I cannot think of anything that would've been handled any different from the way it was handled.
Someone just hung up.
The reason I called was because I was.
So it would seem as though to me it could possibly allow opportunity for fraudulent activities and behaviors.
Wish you had everybody just like Jason.
Did not have to wait and very happy with the service.
I can't think of anything she answered all my questions.
But there were other occasions I got mixed signals and information that you know was contradictory you know.
You could have connected me with the person that I was supposed to be connected with.
And it took me almost an hour to get this done.
It took quite awhile to get my answer.
You couldn't do anything better than what I just went with your representative.
And I never could get my answer that I asked.
I would be able to keep track of it and that would resolve some of these issues before they come up.
It was a great experience and I'm hoping to be doing business with them.
There are no reasons to have anything put on to better serve.
You answered the questions just whatever I needed.
The one thing you could've done better for me would be to have somebody that spoke English that I understand.
And they didn't sound like they knew what they were talking about either.
You could've not hang up and finish answering my questions.
But I had to kind of correct the worker to look at it (unclear) to catch you know how much I really owed.
I think that it would be better for me in the future to punch it in rather than for them to mishear.
Chelsea went out of her way to find out information for me so I don't think there is anything you could have done better.
And I couldn't ask for anyone to been any more patient with my questions and follow through.
It could be a little bit easier to sign on and register.
I'd give them both a thousand if I could but I have absolutely no problems with either one of them.
And she took a long time to take care of my problems.
And we actually got a representative faster than I usually do.
I don't know whether it was just somebody in her background.
He knew what to do.
If you could lower the price that would've been wonderful but I understand.
And very enjoyable to get my work done.
what he explained to me.
The second one somebody was going to follow through and call me back and didn't.
I just had to go jump a couple little hurdles but they were okay.
I figured you could give me the answer verbally so now I gotta waste my time searching it again.
Everything was where I could understand it.
And so this year I went to get the (unclear) again.
And so happened that I needed a bridge done.
You resolved the problem for which I called and I'm completely satisfied.
Maybe you could've made the website faster so that I could get logged on but other than that everything is okay.
And I gave you an 8 just because I don't.
She really tried her hardest to solve this but I need to call some other lines.
The lady that was on the other end on your end couldn't find out.
She took forever and she couldn't find the right information.
I wouldn't change anything because Everything that was done for me today.
Well you could listen to the month and the date a little more closely.
Because sometimes you get explanations and you have to call back because they were not thorough.
I am looking forward to going to the Philippines and seeing the Philippine people.
This call today was everything I needed it to be.
But she should've had that available to her with the call and shouldn't have to research this.
So when they brought up the alternatives then she saw it.
And all I want to do is get a different card and send this one back.
He told me everything that was going on with my plan.
I feel like you guys could have kept up with the column kit that was supposed to be sent out to me a couple of months ago.
So hopefully I will get any answer of approval.
So a little disappointing that I have to go through this.
He tried to but I'm not sure that we were talking.
They could not give me a different idea as to what I could order.
I just thought there was more information I had to get.
I'm not sure I could give any suggestions for improvement of service.
But I hit the wrong key and it looks like a 1.
So you know I could've probably found out just as much here at home by looking on the Internet.
he went beyond to get any information to help me further.
Maybe I misunderstood her.
No everything was okay I don't know what to say.
I couldn't ask for more the representative was fantastic.
And I asked the girl what does that effect.
And she said nothing basically.
About the only thing I thought is it took him an awful long time to get an answer for me but other than that everything was fine.
Now I'm told that I've got to call each time that I need them and I don't understand that.
Very unhappy 'cause I have to go through the whole process again to get to somebody to talk to.
I was talking to some one and all of a sudden the survey came on.
Or she was done or whatever.
I would like to know if I'm active or canceled without having to do the research in between and this is the second time.
sometimes I have to call for explanations as to what something means.
Unfortunately the representative was not able to help me.
He told me that I need certain codes which I feel like it's.
Got everything I needed.
You did tell me that you only had one question to ask.
I did not mind answering the three questions.
Given the fact the time that we needed to discuss (unclear) should be short and simple to the point.
She gets an A plus and I don't think she could've done anything more to make our call more pleasant.
Everything always be good when I call to talk to anyone there.
And last night I ran out.
What I was trying to do is I was getting them in the half (unclear) hopefully.
Anyway so in order to do that she said I'd have to take the way it was written.
But they wouldn't refill it the way it was written.
And she had to work with somebody else I guess from the insurance.
The representative solved my problem rather quickly and so I don't have any suggestions.
So if someone happens to pick this up feel free to give me a call.
The only thing you could've done better for me today and the gentleman that I talked to did give me an idea of what to do.
So I have nothing but the highest praise for that young man.
She done what she.
I thought it was the time that I could go over my plan and see what I needed to change for my benefit of it and they didn't really see that.
Yes number 1 I have not been waited on.
You could have told me that the plan that I went to was in network but that didn't happen so really there was nothing else you could have done.
So maybe if I could speak to a more experienced person sometime that would help.
And I'd like her to get credit for that.
The representative answered my questions and I don't think anything else could've changed.
Told me what I wanted to hear.
Yes you could connect me with an operator whom I'd like to speak with.
Hopefully I won't be (unclear) again until next year.
Everybody's always been polite.
That's what I was calling about.
I can't walk more than 15 minutes stand up more than 15 minutes.
They couldn't they could've not signed me up for something that I didn't not want.
I don't know how more efficiently the (unclear) call could have been handled.
The only thing I can think of is you could serve some pecan pie because I talked to the sweetest lady named Cassandra.
If that wasn't gonna happen then we would have kept joint account.
The young lady explained to me how I could maybe get the cost lowered.
And like I said this goes out to (unclear).
I'd like to have her all the time.
So I've got to go.
the question I had was an unusual question that the computer wouldn't be able to understand.
Maybe paid some on the chair that I need.
Chuck recommended an appeal but the process for doing that is difficult and I'm going out of town.
I was put on hold for quite a long time and it was.
I gave y'all a score of ten.
It was probably on my part that I could not hear because of the background noise there as to what was transpiring.
It was just hard for me to do things over the phone.
So if there was some way to improve that that's the only suggestion I would make.
But we did not pay for it and we did not pick it up.
Then I got a message that said press this number to be.
I have no idea of course what was said.
It does not seem right that the order would just be canceled and I would be left hanging.
They put me on a hold said it'd be less than 5 minutes.
But if I do think of something later on today I will give you a call back.
They could have worked with me and explained it more.
I think that we have the questions answered as much as possible as this.
And she went out of her way to get me back on track.
And I only got getting 1 so it's iffy.
So when I called today nobody knew what was all about.
And then the next time I try and get in I have to do it again.
But we finally got the information we needed.
just before that I got a guy that talked a.
she is the first representative that I have had on there that has been.
The only thing I think you could've done better was maybe giving me the winning power ball numbers.
And I had to hold too long.
So everything I got to (unclear) positive.
It would be easier if the representatives would learn to talk slower.
The one thing you could have done better is cut back on the wait time.
So that's about the best I can say it.
The system probably needs tweaked or somebody needs to look at it.
So I don't know if the fault is shared or on my end only but otherwise things have been cheaper.
We're still in the process of trying to get this settled and I do appreciate the help.
And took a long time to help me.
And also me a lot of time waiting on hold while she checked.
And asked if I had any other questions.
And I also felt there was empathy on the other side of the phone.
Which is very important when someone might be going through a stressful experience.
She needs to be patted on the back.
And whatever I wanted he give it to me.
which it's been awhile since I called.
But I had to go through which a lot of computer jargon which I didn't like.
Also explained the things that I needed to have explained.
She solved every question I answered.
did not write any notation for anything.
But I just wish things were a little simpler as far as when the letter come in in the mail.
If you can do things a little more quickly when someone is on a land line because.
I'm assuming that's a ten because I was trying to input 10s.
And it didn't take my my voice when I said 10.
Well for what I was asking.
He also told me I called too much.
So I know she must have prior experience with working with people.
And it was not even a minute until we got direct contact with you.
And I couldn't think of nothing you could do except maybe turn the music up just a little louder when I'm on hold.
My question was answered and now I'm ready to go about my day.
Every time I call I've got good service.
Well they couldn't connect me at first.
I will call back later in the week.
Nothing at this moment that with my with what I asked for anyway.
So if anybody needs to get in touch with their agent they can.
The call that I just got off of there was nothing else could've been done.
But he said just ignore that and look at the attachment.
She told me I had to be linked.
At this point and time I don't know what more we could have done.
Maybe I answered the survey right.
I'm not aware of anything I gave.
That's all I needed today.
This is the representative that I had in the call right before this one.
Well it would have been nice if I got to somebody.
They took me right to this questionnaire and I didn't even get to talk to anybody.
She corrected what we couldn't figure out and I am sure it will all get settled in the end.
Instead of telling me yesterday that they dropped me.
So that's what I needed to know.
She had a error and didn't seem to get around that.
I'm not sure if he was able to do anymore.
Anyway I said I'd take the survey which I did but and that isn't really what I wanted.
I have no suggestion to make where improvement could be made in the conversation.
Just to pick a point nothing.
I can't remember one that I've been disappointed with.
It was just he had to look up a lot of information for me.
And like I said didn't get a.
But now that I have the information I'll go forward with what I know.
And they knew what they were talking about and what they were doing.
Melody is trying but for some reason there's a block and I cannot find out.
I would liked to have gotten more information on what I called about.
I got what I needed.
And my thing got resolved in like four minutes.
I've never had anybody that was unable to help me.
The only thing is that I occasionally have trouble hearing and understanding a native.
I don't think she had enough information to answer my question.
And I'm having to jump through hoops and keep calling back in to try to get assistance for this problem.
And they don't call me back and I have to keep calling back in.
Vivian hung up on me.
It was one hundred percent what I would expect and hope for.
And then the call just got dropped.
And they offered to call me back tomorrow.
So I'm hoping the issue will be resolved tomorrow and then I can answer that better.
Can tell she totally enjoys her job.
I would like to speak to a representative first than go through all the numbers.
I pointed it out but it didn't get any better.
I got exactly what I needed.
And I tried and couldn't get a hold of her.
But that consultation that they called it and they made business out of it.
I was going back 6 months and I don't always.
And want to supercede any decision that may have been an incorrect decision the first time around.
Might have had an accent that was hard to understand.
They told me someone was going to call me but no one ever did.
You served my request and went beyond what I asked for.
Gave me the answer I need very quickly.
And I will keep it up as long as I'm alive at least.
That's why I hit the zero.
She should get a raise or a good guy sweatshirt either one.
It would be really nice if somebody actually answered the phone.
But I was hoping I could print out my temporary ID today but other than that you all are very good.
She got the job done and you all need to keep her.
So but I got everything done quickly.
Hopefully I didn't lock myself out but I'll find out later when I try again.
But Erica just made my day.
Nobody's talked to me yet.
But she couldn't tell me about that.
Had my the answers that I got were perfect and I have no absolutely no complaints only praise.
So she should get a ten on everything.
I don't think I could ask for any better service than this young lady gave me this morning.
These people went all out to help me.
Every one of them should get a A you know.
He understandable and he give me all the information I need.
He gave an explanation and he went a little further.
He took his time to find out you know.
She answered both of them and I cannot see where you can improve.
So that's why I just put a 9 on that last question.
But they are going to call me back.
I meant to the 1st question I meant to answer it with a 10.
And he got everything situated and straightened out for me.
These are all the doctors that I get to see that I go none of them on the.
Often they will have to call me back at a later date because they don't understand what happened or why or what is going on.
The introduction said this would be one question as opposed to three so I think you could explain that a little bit better.
You could have done better for me by giving me that stair lift.
You could have better music playing when I'm on hold.
If it's done as she said it would be done.
And it's a month or more before I get it.
And give me every answer I needed.
Well the only thing I found out that was disappointing.
You could have stopped asking me for my birthday six times.
So I wanted to give this one to her now.
Tell me for sure if it went through.
I cannot come up with anything that was lacking in my conversation.
Got it right out the way and we were done.
The survey came on very quick so I have no idea whether I was.
So I have no idea when she put me on hold whether you just ended up coming on the line.
She went out of her way to help.
I don't couldn't add anything to the help that was given.
They always refer me to somebody else and I'm put on hold sometimes I'm on hold for over an hour with different transfers.
When I initially called I said I didn't want to take the answer the questions and so I was just put into never never land.
It's now May and we still haven't heard anything about the claim.
what I needed to know.
And if it wasn't for Jason I still wouldn't have the answer that I needed to find out.
So it would've been more helpful if I could've just stayed on the line and done both.
Actually I can't come up with something at the moment.
We put up with every little incontestable question I had.
Whether it's the answer I wanted or not.
Just a few words were hard to understand.
I believe she said she's from Virginia or West Virginia.
Very courteous and did not have a long wait period.
She got it right.
That's all I got to say about it.
And they speak to me with respect.
I was asking him how to fill it out and he just said.
I waited a little bit.
I was on hold for a few minutes.
But I would like it if it was less expensive.
Let me speak to someone who speaks English to begin with.
But I think she solved my problem.
Who said she was going to call them.
And she did not call me back.
And she did not make any notes.
When I wanted to talk to somebody live.
The representative was more than above beyond helping me and I do recommend this plan to many people.
Not having to repeat myself twice.
So I'm taking the rap for it but I suppose a kind of a notice would have been helpful.
I guess get a representative a little bit faster but I was quite satisfied.
That would probably been a little faster for me to take and look it up.
You knew what questions to ask and how to answer it and where to put you where you wanna go.
Given me a representative to talk to before I answer these questions.
I think the first thing I didn't get the 1 put in but I would say that I was highly satisfied with everything.
And she said she's going to get back to me.
I'm still waiting to find out if my issue will be resolved.
Maybe figured out how much my 20% would be but you would have to know exactly what meter they were talking about.
Which is why I had to call and this poor agent didn't really.
She went over and above trying to find the help for me.
It would have been nice to have this resolved with one discussion.
I didn't have to wait but 5 minutes and I was happy about that.
So I pressed 2 because I'm not sure exactly if I you know filled out any lately.
I had to wait a little bit but it's understandable.
I did get hung up on by the first.
I'm a snow bird so I change my address when I go back and forth.
It made me feel like I was going to get penalized no matter what and I'm not sure why.
So when I get that explanation of benefits I will be totally satisfied but I'm not convinced yet that that's going to happy.
Might have one to say go quickly to the representative.
So I don't know what that had to do with it at all.
Maybe somehow or other speed up the process I guess they have to go from screen to screen.
It always leaves me question gin.
Then all the sudden it all change the whole conversation changed and then I had the answers that I needed to know.
So I had to redial and go over the same process again.
I wished you could've dropped my (unclear) price down.
So I'll have to work it out myself.
One day I can get on the next day I can't.
I never got there and the same thing is just not happened.
That's what I got to say.
And try to assist me in getting what my needs are.
If you could (unclear) who she is she is a blessing.
If I could've had prior approval despite calling that would've been helpful.
You came on and I gave you your answers so that means I'm gonna be hung up again and I have to call back again.
It was a computer failure which I don't suppose you had much control over but it slowed it down.
He explained things to me.
I'd give her if it's a rating from 1 to 5 I think she would deserve the 5.
I wasn't really quite sure why my cards were the same.
And there wasn't like a year on them so I would know which one was the most current.
I had like three cards and I'm sure two of them were old.
So but I'm not sure I could tell because they were identical.
Well actually nothing as far as the representative was concerned.
But other than that it had nothing to do with the person.
This whole (unclear) is more than I can manage so I was grateful to have a number to call and be listened to.
not everybody has it.
I explain it to the gentleman that I called before that I (unclear) one year last year in 2017.
Before (unclear) this call I was.
So I had to call like two or four times.
I think that the entry into your system could be a little better.
what I thought was a complicated problem quickly.
Most of the time I can't hear them but today was better.
She kept putting me on hold.
She often asked me to repeat it after awhile.
I always got the impression like she was.
I got the run around over and over.
I got my issue resolved for today and hopefully I will results and y'all will all them back Monday.
Couldn't have done anything 'cause everything went fine when I talked with the representative.
And she even gave me some information that I didn't know about.
I thought it was since I belonged to your group.
This call was fine I have no complaints about that.
He could train other people to do a good job.
Like I said your representatives are fine.
So I'm waiting to get that resolved.
The young man is trying very hard to do that and I expect a call back in about an hour.
Everything was done to great satisfaction so I can't tell you anything that could have been better.
However that may not work for you.
That's why I put 5.
I was on hold and it just went (unclear) the survey.
I will call back later to talk to Sales to see if they could do anything better than Mike did.
It took quite a bit of work but they did it.
But I still think between all of these calls that we had to make.
So hopefully they will get me information in the next few days.
Covered everything I needed to know.
You have the best customer rep that I just spoke to.
We thought we had it straight at that time.
Told me exactly what to do.
she never came back to me.
Gave me the answer I needed.
To go back to my state to figure out why there's a problem.
Listening to music waiting for somebody to answer.
I think that whoever making the decision should honor his request.
I would give her a 0 out of 10 I'd put her on 10 plus.
She didn't need any help at all.
And I'm very pleased at the fact that you say if you speak English you don't have to push one two three four or ten.
She didn't act like she knew the answer.
Because she didn't know anything about the information that I was trying obtain.
he knew everything immediately.
One of the images was so blurred until I could barely see what it was.
Concerning overly over the counter (unclear) 64 and I was surprised to find that's not covered.
Supervisor could have come on the line to speak with me.
They had to turn me over to a human voice.
And whoever I talked to seemed to handle their part fine.
I will find out Monday when I'm able to make a call.
they just shut me off for a week.
I was not in need of anything else.
Put me on hold for every question that I asked.
You could've had phone numbers where you didn't hang up on people.
And they couldn't understand what I the information I put in and everything.
And I just would like you guys to realize that my phone was acting up.
And if you'd like to talk to me in person please feel free to give me a call back.
And he went out of his way to try to help me.
I mean the information was correct and helpful.
I'm crazy about everything I needed to do.
Somebody could've talked to me.
Nobody's talked to me.
The second the last (unclear) talked to was it was (unclear) for (unclear) for me to hear them.
And I (unclear) might have been the second person to understand that it was a (unclear) from the (unclear) conversation but anyway (unclear) it was hard to hear me (unclear) to hear them.
Actually I want to make sure that Kaitlyn was scored a ten not a nine.
I tried to hit one and zero it just wouldn't take it.
That they could send me out for free.
And so she was able to resolve that.
I want to say (unclear) but the last phone call.
That's what I wanted to say.
And it'd really be helpful if those came in disposition I could go check them.
But when I open them up nothing has been paid.
Because she gave me everything.
You fixed me up just fine.
I suppose maybe if I weren't on hold for you know a few extra seconds.
But she had to do her work.
And he went to a lot of trouble to take care of it.
So it left me concerned as to whether or not she would come back.
But she did come back.
Somebody just called me and (unclear) the call but I couldn't.
you could've answered that question.
I (unclear) called about and you simply went on to something else and wanted to take a survey.
He is totally inept to deal with customers and again his name was Nathan.
Not to be on hold so long.
Frankly I can't think of anything except maybe reach through with a magic wand and get rid of my cold.
Then she asked me to hang on and get somebody else to help me.
I give them all the little things to look up.
It's not possible for me to say that.
Tried to just speak to a representative.
He explained everything to me where I could understand it 'cause I'm 81 years old.
I took the survey and I'm to tell you things you could've done better.
But we would like to know from your perspective how much she actually paid her.
And like I said she's a marvel.
And he took care of what I called about.
She gave me what I needed.
She didn't read it back and they.
And she repeated the number back and it went through so it's a possibility maybe she missed.
I very appreciate whatever she did for me so give her an A plus or A double plus.
I didn't like it when you did it and now I'm really unhappy.
I gave her nine because sometimes ten doesn't always register as a ten.
But so far nobody's been able to answer that all.
Wait time was (unclear) and so now I can't think of anything I would want different than what I had to day.
You never did get me to a representative.
And I would feel better speaking to someone in the United States.
I may have typed the numbers in wrong.
If it's if it's resolved I would certainly change that to a ten.
But Chris today cleared it up nicely.
But he said he would send them out today.
Came into (unclear) conversation and she was.
So maybe they should slow down a little bit.
It was hard to hear him talking once in awhile.
They were talking away from the phone (unclear) but other than that everything was great.
Well you could have finished the call and not just disappeared.
It's very difficult to get to the right place to get help.
After an hour today I think I finally had it.
The man that I spoke to hey he put up with me telling him about where to go on vacation.
Anyway he put up with it even though he didn't have to.
But he did give me some information.
Answered all my questions and I don't see how you could.
And then it was a very short call to get what I needed.
There is no improvement with him that I could suggest.
There wasn't anything else to do but to locate the physician.
You could have gotten my card to me sooner.
I hit ten for the previous question thinking that that would be the very satisfied so I hope I didn't hit something wrong.
They want to give me all kinds of things but not what I ask for.
Not certainly at the end person I spoke to.
I have no complaints about him the one that I spoke with.
But we just didn't know why it was sent to the wrong address.
And the fact that we didn't get it resolved that was the only reason I gave it an 8.
Because we didn't know the reason why it was sent to the wrong address.
The young man took care of everything we needed.
And when I punched 1 0 I hope that went in as a 10 because I gave a 10 for everybody.
Took all the time that was needed to help me and I have nothing negative to say.
It's difficult to understand all he was asking.
And she told me I could call back and file a complaint against (unclear) and how they got how they don't supply our needs.
It's just what I needed.
Everything was solved to everything I needed to know so I can't think of anything at the moment that needs to be improved.
It's just that I was looking for a little more information.
Another thing they could have done better for me is hire a few other young ladies like the lady I spoke to by the name of Skye.
There is no way that I would know for you to improve upon the service that I got.
I put a 10 on each one so she did very well.
It took a few minutes longer than it might have to get the answer but the answer was clear and good.
Hopefully this is the case and we can resolve the issue.
So that's why I gave you nine.
But otherwise I'd say I would've given you all tens.
And like I said I'll be routing for you.
To not talk so fast for the representative and to allow me to finish speaking so that I can explain.
Got things straightened out and I sure appreciate it.
Ten would be that you were perfect and never made any mistakes.
To not get the letter in the first place I guess.
And I was taken care of.
She said she'd put it right down and I'd have it within two or three weeks.
So I had no problem understanding what he was saying.
And get what I needed.
And everything was repeated for me when I didn't hear.
Answered all of my questions to my satisfactory so I have nothing to add to what you can do.
I don't know nothing you could have done better maybe (unclear) could have checked with Dr Wild and seen where he was at because he was not there at the place he said.
The one thing that the representative could have done would been kind of lighten up a little bit.
And he knew what he was doing.
I couldn't have asked for any more kind assistance than what I got.
I pushed a 9 it should've been a 10.
For this phone call everything was the way it should be.
It took forever for him to come up with.
Call me and let me know what was going on with my agent because I didn't hear anything at all.
Every time I've called I've been perfectly satisfied.
At this point nothing comes to mind.
That's a tough question I would suppose that explanation of benefits more frequently would be helpful.
I don't know of anything because the agent was very helpful.
And if the boss were to ask how would I rate her A+.
They put all the information down but they get nowhere.
It would be great if you could provide the information more quickly.
So sorry that I couldn't be of more help on that.
I wish the phone wouldn't have hung up after a long hold time.
Perhaps maybe answer quickly even though it was answered quickly my call.
As far as I can tell Allan really covered all the bases.
It was just what I was asking for.
But you are sending my order anyway.
Could not have given me a better representative than the one that I spoke to Justin.
I think the representative could've listened better to my request and my explanation.
But over an hour to me take a five minute test should not happen.
I'll call back and try to get lucky at another time.
You could if that could be made a little shorter and that's it.
I really can't think of anything off the bat but I've had to make several phone calls to get an answer.
Because I have some hearing issues to understand him.
And I had to ask him to repeat on several occasions.
I wouldn't change anything that the representative helped me with today.
That's the only thing that I did not know about.
And I feel like they would do anything for me and go the extra mile.
And the problem is I have something called passport.
Not sure if the agent was able to help me or not.
He covered every question I needed.
She got stuck on the word all terrain and didn't understand that I needed tilt for my chair.
And reminded me that there's a list of neurosurgeons which I must take a look at.
So I take off my hat to Steven.
What I was looking for.
But there is that little nagging doubt just because there was a mistake made in the first place and I thought we got it corrected last week and it came back again today.
2 of them went to dead lines and I had to wait.
Possibly the agents could've spoken a little bit slower.
Not one transferred me and then hung up.
And could explain things so that a policy holder would understand the explanation.
You cut me off from the person I was speaking to.
And I appreciate her getting me the information I need.
I just hope when I come out for what I went for the how to do the how to get what I want.
What I called for I hope that I can pick it up the end of this month the first the fourth day of June.
I thought that I had it all the while.
And then they were called back on Saturday I believe.
because they didn't submit it to begin with.
So that's a disappointment and I am left in the cold.
However you know in looking she had to put me on hold for at least 20 minutes.
And you guys have not caught up with it.
There was a little bit of a delay but I can handle that.
If that could be shortened some how that'd be great.
I just wish that there was Silver Sneakers was a part of my package.
The one thing that could've been better if I hadn't have had to make the call that I did today.
I mean y'all did the agent explained it perfectly.
He explained everything just the way she should have.
She went online and they went.
So it wasn't today's phone call that I would say was not as helpful.
I only have to wait less than 5 minutes so that was good.
She gets a 10 so I hope that answers the question.
But this is the second to third time maybe I've needed to call for something.
So I'm still worried whether or not it will be covered.
They told me they had to take (unclear) x-ray and (unclear) and I'm just hoping it's covered.
The only thing I could say is that it took a long time to just change my address.
When I did enter it again and it didn't accept it again.
And then it did go to somebody.
And I wish it was part of your providence.
They didn't know what they were talking about.
We went on the website we looked at everything.
He never called me back.
He didn't even know what he was talking about.
I think they would have done better if they don't take so long to answer the question.
Aiden your representative went above and beyond to satisfy my questions.
I think (Unclear) did as good a job as she could get done.
The biggest being you told me I didn't have coverage for the longest time when I know I did.
(Unclear) couldn't have done any better but I had (unclear) he wasn't able to answer all the questions but he did what he could.
If I could have given him a 10 plus he would have gotten that.
I thought if I put in a 1 and then 0 you might think I was only rating the call for a 1 so you need to change it to be only up to 9.
So there was no improvement that I would know of that would need improving.
But I thought that was too long to get a referral.
I've always been able to work on the.
Rather than spending an hour and a half on the line and still not going to have an answer for 72 hours.
Y'all have done everything.
And it's taken long in some cases in my past to get to punch the right number.
I had fifty-two and he said are you sure it's fifty-two and not fifty-one and I said (unclear) it's fifty-one.
I need somebody on the line.
Well I was expecting to a representative kind of sooner.
Otherwise I would have done ten for extremely satisfied for everything.
And I need to talk directly back to the same representative and for some reason we got cut off the line.
I just couldn't get the (unclear) as well as I felt (unclear) conversations.
I (unclear) first call in about some coverage's.
Was willing to connect me with who I needed to talk with.
she got a.
But still didn't get complete answer for my question.
But I'm gonna have to call in again to get that information.
I guess she tried to get me all that information.
just told that was not necessary that they would.
Or let me call back and give my feedback after I find out if what has been done for me.
And then I'm left in a quandary of what to do next.
And so you could give me the chance to call after I find out if the problem is solved.
The only thing I wish I could do is I wish I could jump through the phone and give Sandra a hug.
I just couldn't get through to the hospital and everything and she just.
Not necessarily to call somebody else.
Could have spoken to someone more knowledgeable than Mr.
He appears not to have been there for a day or 2.
And had the patience to make sure that I understood it.
That would have been a big help to me because I've been waiting on this claim to be processed.
She (unclear) everything I needed to know.
This is my first call so I cannot grade you on any level.
I can't complain because she hit it everything on the dot.
I've had good success with the company I'm with and I would not even try.
It was a much better call than the call I had before him.
I can't think of anything that would improve my conversation with the representative today.
She wasn't able to get a hold of anyone.
Just provided everything I needed to know and that's about all I have to say.
I don't have any idea because I'm very happy with the information I got.
I have never had such a positive experience in the year and a half or so that I have been with you.
I'm not sure if I hit a zero but I meant to hit an eights so there should be no negative.
You could've had someone who knew what they were doing.
But that's the only thing I would say.
You could've had the form that I needed.
At the time you told me it was going to be.
And did everything in their power to get the information that I needed.
The accent or something I couldn't understand her.
She actually did four different things for me.
He did what he could but he couldn't resolve the thing.
She did more than most of the agents in the past have done.
what I wanted to find out.
my one in my ten did not push and it came out as a zero but that first question is also rated a ten.
As always have someone to answer my questions and enter in the entirety when they did it.
She went above (unclear) what I needed.
So I would say definitely a number 10 for Dennis.
I've had cancer (unclear) I believe.
But that would have been nice if you could have provided that service also.
He went out of his way to help me.
And when I punched a one on the first question that was asked.
didn't understand what was going on.
But she did fix it.
If my husband had been trying to resolve this problem.
He's hard of hearing he would not have been able to understand the service person.
First of all let me say I think I made an error in answering my first question.
So I don't know what happened but it was not taken care of very fast.
It shouldn't be this hard to get a name change.
He couldn't do a better job than he was doing.
And then she'll return the call to me and let me know how things are.
I had this appeal done one time before and it still didn't go through.
They don't have they can't get anything straight and you gotta call five or six times to get an order in.
Didn't allow me to question and get clarity and is just too bad.
The first one put me on hold never came back.
But we were not able to find out the answer.
Previous phone calls with other representatives have not ended in satisfaction at all and so I'm hoping that this will resolve my issue and my concern.
Just knowing what I was asking for.
I don't like that dancing around at the beginning to the robo response.
I feel he went above and beyond to do his job.
But nobody seems to know and I would like to find out and Lily told me to file a grievance and that I don't know anything about filing a grievance.
I just misdialed and put one instead of ten but the scale was ten.
excuse me I cannot remember her name at the moment.
My complaint is that first the machine does not give enough choices so that you can try to get the right area that you want.
They will know what transpired beforehand and not starting from scratch trying to figure it out.
I meant to put a ten so everything is satisfactory.
Now do I hit the pound key or what.
There was really a good conversation and I can't think of anything that would help more than it did.
There wasn't anything I could think of that would make it better with the girl that handled my account.
And I've told them every time I talked to them.
And that's why I was calling.
They answered every question and (unclear) I need to know.
It is so frustrating to try to call to straighten things out.
I can't add any more to it and the person was extremely helpful and professional.
Today is May the 9th 2018 I really appreciated her help.
Michael went above and beyond for me.
And I'm very glad we got to (unclear).
Everything was fine I don't know if they could improve it.
We've complied with everything that you've asked us to do.
Hopefully I have a follow up call tomorrow and my problem will be resolved.
I don't have a problem everything went fine every time I call.
So if you could get that straightened out that would be really great because it said hold and I held and held and the survey came in.
He understood where I was coming from and the.
The young man knew the program or knew our policy and all that got right through it.
Couldn't have done nothing better for me than what was done.
She just acted like.
I don't know what was wrong with her but she just acted like I didn't even receive a phone call from anyone.
And he got that taken care of.
The woman is going to try and call me back.
So I wondered where the other one was.
And I might wind up with two books.
You could've accepted the call and I could have talked to somebody.
So I think all in all you got a splendid four or one hundred percent.
So I wish I hadn't been transferred so many times but that's it.
I mean she cut through it one two three you know.
Went above and beyond what she needed to do.
For some reason the robot didn't understand what I was asking for.
So that's why I had questions.
I was completely satisfied (unclear) on the line (unclear).
Been a little bit shorter in all that was said.
So you owe me for that month.
Course I (unclear) on hold but I appreciated him taking the time to review my questions.
Well it was really just in my plan when I they said I was going to.
So maybe it takes a couple of months to sort it out.
And Toni worked really hard to get it to download.
The only thing that would've been easier is if we had the authorization process a little smoother so that I could speak for my wife in these matters.
I would have thought that that information could have been passed along from one to the other (unclear).
So it's just that she couldn't get into the system.
Someone who is easier to understand.
I had to wait a little bit to get some representative.
I don't remember the gals name who was helping me.
To get myself built up.
So hopefully my packet will arrive soon.
Or not satisfied that I called and hooked up with this plan.
And hopefully I'll get my packet soon.
And that's all I got to say.
They got what I needed.
I am trying to find the representative I've been looking for for three days.
Let me stress again that the gentleman's name was Victor and I hung up on mistake and lost him.
But I should have been on top of it myself.
At the beginning instead of pushing buttons and everything like the survey you just gave zero to ten.
He fixed what problem I thought I didn't know we had.
I'm just wowed by that I didn't have any clue this was coming up.
He told me I couldn't go back on y'all's plan until October of next of this year.
They had to go hunting for it.
It's exactly what I needed right away.
Went kind of above and beyond to answer my questions.
But the one thing I would suggest is that he needs a little bit of work on being able to pronounce and read some of the words and some of the medications.
And she helped explain to me what was going on with the charges.
And helped me understand what was going on.
But I didn't catch it when she first introduced herself.
But I gotta tell you she has made a difference in some future procedures that I will be getting.
Well she tried to be helpful.
So may be calling you back when I have some more questions.
And the last representative that I just spoke with a second time here she should also get a 100%.
I just needed some suggestions as to which direction to go.
But as far as solutions I was not.
Have more people willing to help you like the one I had today.
Especially the last one I talked to.
I just want it all resolved in one day.
And I would give her a really top grade if I was to rate her individually.
If I pushed the wrong numbers I apologize.
He is one of the best reps I had talked with at any company.
I can't think of anything that could have been better than the representative that you had you know giving me the information that I needed.
I wish it could be done on the phone but I guess it can't.
And they want 170 for a shingles shot and I haven't got it.
The person I just spoke to who was very polite and reasonably helpful told me that there's only one place in San Antonio that I can get my glasses through the program that we have and I feel certain that there's more than one place in a city of the size of San Antonio.
The one thin you could have done better I guess was to altered me a month ago that you were not going to be.
I'm stuck at school I'm a teacher but I don't think you all could really have had any control on the noise background.
I would really like to be able to call back the person that I talked to because they somewhat know my case study rather than just going back through a general cadre of helpers.
It would be nice to be able to talk to the same agent every time.
Just been on hold just a little shorter but it was otherwise fine.
The one thing you could've done better is that the written communications that I receive could have been much clearer so that I could understand what the problem was.
The only thing that I would comment on is that I would appreciate if the hold times were a little shorter.
She says she can't find it.
So why should I have to go through this two or three times a year.
This afternoon (unclear) could get what I needed accomplished.
At the beginning give clearer instructions instead of have examples of things that people might be interested in benefits.
They kept insisting I was not in the plan.
I thought I was about to lose my mind honey.
But sometimes I did not understand for a little bit.
Well I think I just got hung up on before my problem was resolved.
I supposed to be talking to someone and the survey's come on ahead of time for today.
I have a feeling that had more to do with your system than with him.
Sorry I talked to you later.
It's the outcome of what I was asking.
I have no problem with what he did.
She asked me about it twice.
So I wish people would bone up on what is going on before they get on the phone and started reading out of the booklet.
She comforted me and (unclear) told me if any problems you know just please just call back.
Not being familiar with where I live or anything like that he came up with a number was.
And anyway (unclear) after about the third attempt they understood what I was saying.
They answered everything I needed.
I got things going that I needed to and that's all that counts.
I only gave a rating of 9 because there's always something that can be a little better.
And she hung up on me.
It's just perfect for what I wanted.
But I've never been in the gap before in May and I don't know what to do.
The young man made the situation what we needed done handled as good as it could've been handled.
That's why I called.
If you had a scale up to 10 I will give them 10.
first chance I get come October.
I guess the representative spoke a little too fast for me to be able to take notes.
I think there ought to be a grace period or something like that.
I was kind of putting the cart in front of the horse because I don't turn sixty five until August so I'm gonna call back in July.
I wish that it could have been resolved in one phone call.
I couldn't have asked for a better call than this one.
I'm even thinking about stopping with United because of trying to get to a person without having to talk to a computer.
I don't think that you could've improved on the phone call this morning.
You handled the call beautifully and you don't have to answer anything else.
That's why I called in.
The one thing you could have done better is not have sent me that letter.
I have punched it in the phone and they don't get it.
And I've said this once before.
I'm pretty sure he was smiling through the phone.
And I did have to call back a second time but everybody's always courteous.
My question was answered very well and there was no more that needed to be done.
And it could not recognize what I was keying in.
That's what I should have been able to do just like a did last year.
We got the answers we needed quickly.
I can't think of anything that was (unclear) that I had placed a call for and I (unclear) happens every time I call you.
The operator could have spoken a little more clearly and maybe a little slower.
I had a hard time hearing her but I do have hearing problems so that might be part of the problem.
You shouldn't have to go back two or three times to follow up on the situation.
got everything done that I wanted done.
We got it all covered.
And she understood that I was (unclear) needed to get this straightened out.
And he just looked up some numbers for me.
Went over above and beyond I think what she even needed to do so I couldn't ask for anyone any better or any experience any better.
Explained everything to me that I need.
Not have me have to make this call in the first place.
But so far I haven't been able to.
I wish they would give me a heads up like a week ahead of time.
So they had to switch me.
I would have to look up the information which I don't have at hand right now so anyway that was why I gave an 8 I suppose.
He solved the problem for me and that's essentially what I wanted.
but I wrote in and changed it and it didn't change it at all.
I couldn't possibly think of what we could do to further enhance the call it seemed to be right on spot.
There was a little echo on the line but I'm not sure if that was on your end or mine.
She got everything taken care of.
It would've been nice to have been connected with a person sooner than with the recording.
Y'all have trained them well.
Sometimes people just talk too fast so they could just speak slower when they're explaining things.
To me the call was completely (unclear) with what I needed.
Not put me on hold.
And I had a question and another question.
Gave me the information I need and I appreciate everything that he did for me.
So I'm giving her a ten and I like her.
I had a little trouble hearing the person making the call so.
Covered the thing I wanted covered.
You know I mean every time I've called you guys have been able to answer my questions.
And they even made an appointment for me.
But he went out of his way to help.
He verified that it should be paid.
But they was able to get me instead of this the supplies.
But you did get it straight today.
And for some reason he was able to accomplish this a lot faster than the other two people I spoke to previously.
The only thing that I think that would help a person in the position I was in.
That's why I gave it 3.
And she put me on hold.
And it would've been helpful to know that I would've needed to go through the preauthorization and stuff ahead of time.
So it would've saved a few steps but we got there.
And everyone helped figure out and we appreciate it.
Because I know last time (unclear).
Sometimes I have difficulty understanding a person with an accent but this has been most beneficial.
Knew exactly what I was talking about.
And maybe I should've followed up on that just to figure out what happened.
So that I could understand what my portion of 15%.
And then for her to tell me totally different things than the other representatives have told me.
they didn't put me through to anyone to talk to.
She went the last mile to try to.
Actually the firs survey got me wrong because I was trying to do the last one which was 10.
And has me set up to try and get the help that I need.
And I kind of had to jump through a couple hoops before I could get that.
So in the end you know she bent over backwards to help me.
what they took out or what happened.
That's why I was calling again.
So if you can help me out on anything like that.
I believe that Morgan wrote down my concerns.
Just the reassurance that I was going to get it all straightened out.
But I get what I needed then it's well worth it.
So you know it said for English but say.
Not much except to let me know the result of this conversation.
So somebody needs to check it out.
It did take a very long time to do it.
I've got nothing to add.
The only possible comment that I could make was that she should keep working on her English pronunciation.
Everybody here look at Rochelle (unclear) and take notes.
Didn't ask me anything.
The whole conversation took 17 minutes and I still don't have any kind of a clear idea of what's going on.
The one thing you could've done better for me is answer my question and not have to get back with me at a later time.
That's what I called for.
I don't know if it's the microphone or whatever but it was just a little difficult.
My question I don't think was too too difficult.
It was answered right away so I don't know of anything else to tell you about making the call better.
I think everything was done appropriately and I cannot think of anything at this time that needs improvement.
Everything was resolved that will help the issues that I had.
She has to be commended.
Y'all did so good and I give y'all a 10.
I'm not such which department I was with.
I was hoping you could help me get to the bottom of it.
Hard to understand the agent and representative and the conversation was a bit complicated and needed to be simple.
And I discovered it looked like there was and they confirmed for me that there are.
I have nothing more to say 'cause he accomplished my goals today.
Well I got cut off one time.
We were looking for information but we have to make the phone calls ourselves so.
I'm also very disappointed that you did not have Silver Sneakers in my area.
And I assure you if there were things that needed to be improved I would tell you.
So if you could get the material to me faster I'd appreciate it.
But she told me I owe so I'm gonna pay it.
And he found out a lot of information for me.
They did what they could you know with the information they have.
Because she couldn't find it in my file.
That's why I gave 7s and 8s as opposed to tens.
Nothing I don't think the issue wasn't resolved because I have to make some more phone calls.
That's kind of hard to say.
You could have (unclear) not the way she was (unclear).
And I don't have those diseases so I didn't understand that and it really concerned me but the representative told me that it was just a mistake.
I cannot think of anything at this time but the person was very helpful.
The only thing you could have done better is if perhaps I was given the material I needed to begin with.
So the information I get depends on who I'm speaking with.
So every time I call I get a different answer and I'm very upset about it.
on the first question I actually meant to push 4 and not 3.
Nikia didn't have any idea what I was asking.
I think I got clarification on what I needed.
But that is my only need that I had.
It couldn't have did no better than what I got.
The answer was exactly what I wanted to hear.
Everybody's so pleasant to talk to.
The website doesn't match what she was able to find for me.
And so the last gentleman wasn't able to help me get it he didn't know where it had gone I didn't know where it had gone.
He went totally he went to the very end of the rope to satisfy me.
I mean I called for a definition and I got it so thank you.
It was (unclear) call that I just got off of.
There is absolutely noting you could done better.
But I have a terrible history in my family of it and I don't want to go through what I saw them go through.
Maybe it should be more widely available and maybe we could find out exactly how much it would be different places.
The one thing you could have done better for me was get rid of the guy I talked to yesterday.
You need to keep her because she sure explained everything right.
(Unclear) could not have been any more helpful to me today than they have been in the past.
That's wrong I should've did a ten.
didn't share it until I brought it up.
I said that (unclear) for improvement.
Everything was fine and the first question you asked I pushed zero because I didn't have a 10 key so that doesn't mean I'm not satisfied.
more time than I thought to show up.
Very helpful there was nothing that could've been done differently other than if they had called on Monday - Friday rather than on the weekend.
One would be listen and answer the questions asked.
You answered everything I needed to know.
She really made my day.
The one thing you could have did better for me is I don't know whether he was able to do it or not I didn't get my hearing aids but I'm looking forward to it.
And we were upset that she could not issue us that credit.
So I hope they will come back to me at least on Monday.
So please come back to me Monday.
But I just stood in line about five minutes.
That automated recordings asking questions that are totally irrelevant to some of the issues that I was trying to call about.
If not let me talk to someone before I got signed up (unclear).
100% of everything that I needed.
The girl seemed to take a long time getting answers.
I just gave it a 9 but anyway it's a 10.
(Unclear) resolved the way I wanted it resolved.
Can't think of anything at the moment except that actually this was the second request and so the previous request may not have been granted.
The best thing you can do for me is dental.
But the rest I got to do myself.
And if you were asking about today then I would have given her a four on that.
So if you have any questions give me a call.
He couldn't answer me about Lyme disease or anything.
If he would listen to the situation that I had explained in the beginning I could have saved myself some time.
And what should I do the next step.
But I just kept coming up with nothing matched and whether it was myself.
And I wanted to read it and it said how to combat anxiety after a loss.
Gave me some backup and gave me some ideas as to where I need to got from here.
IT was great to deal with you.
It took a little time for us to be sure but I'm sure we got the right answer.
Looking through your book and it said it was in chapter two but I couldn't find it (unclear).
So I was just asking advice if there was a certain (unclear) but I'm told there's not contracted with the (unclear) partners.
They give me the information that I need.
Did the whole job that she could do.
And she said she will call me back 3 PM today.
He knew what he was doing.
I couldn't've can't say anything to be improved with this last conversation I had with Maggie.
If this experience had never happened and I had not received.
And I would give them a ten all the way around.
But the Walmart on Gillespie Street she said they didn't have anyone listed.
Took me quite a bit of time to actually get to the right person.
And I'm struggling trying to find an alternative and I'm not happy about it.
The one thing I think would be more quick more quickly not so I had to wait quite a bit on the line.
You couldn't have done anything else for me because John took care of everything I needed.
He went above and beyond by researching what was the best for me.
He really got what I needed.
And that's why sometimes we have to call more frequently but the associate was wonderful.
Explained everything I needed to know just fine.
You went over and above.
It did not resolve the problem so I thank you.
What am I going to do?.
I would like to see the summary of statements come out sooner if that was possible.
I feel that improvement could've been made if she could have just rather than stop the answers done a little bit more to personalize the case.
So therefore I am stuck in my house and not able to go anywhere and that makes me very upset.
Actually I can't think of anything more than I would've needed with this particular situation.
She should get a high mark just for everything that she's done.
It might have been good to know what services were.
Could not have done anything better after I got in touch with Karen.
I can't think of anything right now but the young lady her name was Chelsea.
Told me everything I needed to know.
And she said I'm taking my time to do everything perfect so that you don't have to redo it again.
We went through each one with the tiers I read the booklet and the tiers had me so totally confused.
It would be helpful if I can get the information to work with.
That's what I needed to know.
Didn't horse around and you did it about 5 6 minutes.
We didn't get right to the issue at hand I had to deal with things that I really wasn't interested in dealing with initially.
And I actually ended up just a simple question as to why it was denied which was an error.
if there's a problem I would talk to her again.
But I also think that you should have been more in trying to help the customer rather than you telling the customer of things that they could.
But I thought to myself this is customer service job.
At least we were told by the biller that we have resolved the issue and I appreciate Tim's time.
Actually she went over and beyond from what she could've done.
I got exactly what I needed.
So I have to put some time of number 3.
I hear other people talking in the background.
Could you please put me back with the number that I was with.
One thing could be better for me if you did not have two numbers to push.
She really tried to resolve our problem.
And I had to repeat quite a few times.
He knows what he is doing.
So it would be nice if I could talk with someone.
And I was really ask sometimes it's a little difficult to get a hold of you.
And that's the one thing could be better as far as I'm concerned.
Maybe shorten the time if you could but it was okay.
And now I've been denied and I have to go through all this appeal stuff.
It shouldn't take me three calls to do that.
Basically you know he did answer my questions.
He did have to lookup things of course.
So it was just easier for me to call and get it direct.
And got it all squared away.
Well I don't know how long but a number of seconds or minutes to get to him and maybe a quicker connection could be appreciated.
Hi my name is Manuel Pherrara and I'd like to say that the representative that I had I would not change anything.
Since I'm involved with the finances I needed to know that.
There was could have been not better service than I got today.
My hold time I would say was less than two minutes.
But I just couldn't get anybody to give me the right answer when I called into this number.
It just took her a little bit longer.
It would be nice to have a card that showed my information that way I don't have to try to remember it.
That's what I wanted to say.
Did just fine with the information I needed.
And then I have to call back in October 15th to 12 7 and she could do that (unclear) couple times (unclear).
We were given everything we needed.
I call for my wife Sharon L Collins and there's not a thing they could do.
If not give me a call back and I'll try to explain.
Just covered the shot I was asking about and that is impossible.
It was a confusing call mainly because I was confused to start with.
(Unclear) told me everything I needed to know.
But she personally couldn't call me back.
And I was cut off by this survey.
One thing that could've been done better for me is to give me a positive answer as to yes or now that the electric wheelchair that I'm interested in getting would be acceptable.
It was hard for me to understand the lady's English.
Told me what to do.
He put me on hold and kept coming back.
They were all too busy to come to ask.
to answer my question which was a very serious question and also he said that the supervisors on the floor he could not ask.
he could ask them but they couldn't come to the phone.
Other than that I think it's fine.
Everything was fine so I wouldn't at this time have a complaint.
I have still I'm standing here waiting to talk to somebody and I'm trying to answer a survey question.
It was a perfect call and I can't think of anything that needs to be improved.
But she only has the terms of the plan to work with which I feel are inadequate.
The one thing you could have done better for me was to explain that this plan would the.
But that's all I needed to know.
And all they wanted was you had keep pressing and putting member numbers before you could even talk to anyone.
But you did well with the information you had.
But that's the only comment I have not to have to.
I certainly got the answer that I wanted.
I got what I wanted.
I'm waiting for someone to talk to still.
I hit one trying to do 10 one zero and it gave that person a one when I meant to say 10.
He answered questions and I don't think anything to add at the moment.
The only thing I could think of is the dental.
Took care of what I needed.
It kept saying (unclear) I didn't get that.
Did everything he should have and I would give him 100 if I could.
I spoke with George and there is no way in the world he could've improved what he did.
My name is Jolynn Craska and if want me to swear on a bible I will.
I think Optum let me down but George is allowing me to sleep.
Even though it did take a little time to do that I just.
I'd give her a ten if I could.
And this representative said she's going to look around and see if there is anything that she can do.
And I never requested anything for this.
Well you need to check more closely with who been paid.
I hope that one second response was supposed to be a ten.
'Cause he did good.
And then switched me into somebody else.
At this time I was told there was no way they can do that.
My name's (unclear) and I think that as far as the volume on as far as the talk I could hardly hear.
So on the things that I needed to know.
I don't know why but I got kind of lost and I had to call again.
I don't know what happened on the phone I guess.
And she helped me and gave me the right direction to go into tomorrow morning with the other plan.
And actually went above and beyond for me.
He took care of everything I called about.
The gentleman that came to my house on my visit did not explain things well to me.
We did not finish the what we started because the people that we need to contact they wasn't they already closed.
We were trying to get in touch with (unclear) and they already have closed for today.
That's why I pressed 9 because we got to be continued.
I just felt like I got ripped off on a.
Just had to wait a little longer than normal.
It would've just been helpful to have known if it was a medication.
In looking back there was no way for you to have resolved this.
Took a long time to get through to somebody.
Everything is fine I just but my question and everything is not resolved so I have get in contact with someone else.
So I just need bottom line if everything I was told when we signed up for the program is the same.
Maybe have information easier for the agent to look up.
But it would've been faster for her if they listed more what kind of durable equipment they carry.
It would be nice to have kind of a list of things that would be considered an emergency.
I've had it for many years as you well know.
What I find that I could help more is that I have a letter stating that my.
So I have confidence that the problem will be worked out.
Being able to transfer from one department to another without having to have to hang up.
They went up and above and beyond what they're required to do.
Everything went well it took a little bit to long but other than that it was okay.
So that's a (unclear) I was talking about.
Got me what I needed but I was on hold for a long time.
I had a hard time hearing what the man was saying.
And so it would have been a good idea to tell me who I owe this money to so I can be aware of that.
It would have been nice to know more about pricing.
You answered every question I had.
They just answered me 1 2 3.
Not understanding anything if I did.
But he straightened me out on everything and I couldn't have asked for better help.
The last time I called in the person didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I just wish it could've been resolved on this first phone call.
So if someone could call me back that would be wonderful.
So if there was a way to email or get something to where the claim is that would be helpful.
We talked about several different issues and how to do different things.
And I would give her a 11 out of 10.
Maybe tomorrow I would remember something or this afternoon.
But after I asked them to speak more slowly they did.
And she was not able to tell me the places that take the fitness advantage.
But it would've been better if she could've pulled that up online.
Today the call was perfect I got the right person.
She deserves all the props that you can give her.
You just took a little longer than usual but otherwise everything was fine.
And I knew something was wrong with their bill.
You could have somebody more knowledgeable answer the questions logically and not hang up and transfer me to the survey before he was finished what we were talking about.
It would be hard to improve on the gentleman I talked with.
That's the only suggestion I may have.
She could've done nothing.
And then he said if someone doesn't call you back.
I've never ever had a bad experience.
She had a lot of things to take care of.
Just possibly may have had somebody call be back (unclear) I calling them back.
I just had it wasn't for me it was for someone else.
But it was such a quick rattling off that I didn't even get to write that number down so I will call back.
she went above and beyond helping us.
Hold time is lengthy I have called in before and it.
Not much to say other than that.
You couldn't get any better than what that was and I appreciate his kindness.
And that was brought up by the representative who helped me.
At this point I am not sure.
No one's talked to me at all so I can't even really rate anything.
Not the one I wanted to hear.
Had some more plans that I needed.
So he had everything that you want your employees to have.
And she has informed me what I need to do next and as soon as I get off the phone I'm going to take care of that.
I can't imagine anything else right now as I've gotten everything I needed from each call.
I'm was just very happy they told me the first thing I could do is press 0 and not have to complete a whole ton of options.
That's the only dissatisfaction I have the matter was resolved fairly quickly.
Which I opted not to do.
You answered everything that I needed.
I think you should wait a little bit before sending out that letter.
They did the best they could in dealing with a very complex issue.
I could have had a resolution on my problem.
However I don't feel it was on your side of the coin.
It didn't seem as cumbersome as it has been in the past and I felt more comfortable with the whole situation.
I guess targeting what it is that I was going to be asking for might've been helpful.
On the call actually it had nothing to do with Crystal.
I found out information that I didn't know I had.
The only thing you could do to make it better is to put a live person on the phone.
I prefer the representative to have been more accurate and the forms that he sends me.
You could've not lost the forms that I needed to have you look at and deny.
He then put me on hold.
Nobody answered me.
You could have stayed on the phone with me.
Answer my question or have somebody come back on the line and tell me what I need to know.
Answered all my questions and couldn't have been happier.
And I believe it's gone into my body.
So I got cut off twice.
If someone could give me a call.
Everything that I expected I got an answer to.
Somebody that can speak thoroughly English.
And in the end we just cut to a quicker answer because I couldn't follow.
Not get disconnected and make me call back.
I wanted to resolve this for the future not for the past and communicating that to the individual was challenging at best.
At this point you did okay.
Actually been able to speak to somebody.
So that's what you could do get that updated.
So I'm still not satisfied that I still can't put my order through thank you.
And she took care of my.
We were just having a little time trying to find certain places of care.
I was on hold for a very long time.
And then they would discuss it with me.
he was totally professional and he would not let it rest until we got to the bottom of it.
came in for that answer it keyed in 0 but I meant to do 10.
Working a little faster so she doesn't have to take so long to help me.
She said it would make sure it would be paid it would be fine.
I think that there could've been a little bit more clarity.
It was a I think there was a language disconnect in some of the discussions and so I think that may just come with experience.
It was hard for me to understand the gentleman.
If it was a scale of 1 to 10 I would surely give her a 10 plus.
Today you couldn't have done any better for me because that Rita was excellent.
He's going to get the answer what I needed for tomorrow.
He even offered more help that I you know I didn't really need at this moment.
Nobody talked to me.
But there's something somehow I got transferred to a (unclear) when I was in Phoenix.
The whole thing was I talking to (unclear).
I don't know what her name was (unclear).
I have to repeat mine because she asked me to (unclear).
My experience was on a scale of 1 to 10 10 being the best you could have it was probably a 20.
Nothing and I made a mistake when I entered the first one.
I put a 0 and it should have been a 10.
Now that's the issue I was trying to resolve.
I get good information and I'm satisfied with the answers.
It would have saved a phone call but I thank you anyway.
And every time that I have called I have had nothing but courtesy and a clear explanation of everything that I ask them.
This time of day everybody's not awoke and they don't think as fast.
And thank you for not having to press buttons to get English.
I can't think of anything that the person could have added to the situation so I was 110% satisfied.
I can't think of one thing I could've had better for me on it.
Whatever I had to ask him (unclear) try to find out what I needed to know.
And the only thing that could have been better is I wouldn't have had to have a co pay.
Nothing but the first question that I answered I hit the wrong button and it should be a ten.
If anything she went above and beyond.
It doesn't always understand me because of a speech impediment.
I'll have to do a little work for myself.
It could have been a little shorter on the phone but everything worked out.
She explained what I had to do.
The gentleman will call me back on my issue and I will find out what I'm asking.
Just being able to understand more of the information was needed.
She even went a step further to assist me with this drug situation.
I got to wait now another 7 days to see what happens.
There's always a soothing voice at the other end of the line after we can get through the questions so I can best answer and resolve my questions.
Had longer hours when we could have called so I could have called earlier.
With the one I just spoke with I'm sorry I didn't get (unclear).
Tried to get the calls as soon as you know.
But I appreciate that and that (unclear) to give me all the information I needed.
It took him a little while to get.
After my experience with two or three people that helped me today there is nothing you can do.
The scale of zero one to ten I was afraid to put in a one for ten because I thought you would think that I wasn't satisfied.
All I needed was to talk.
I've got all the help I need.
I think we took care of it all but there just was always the lingering question.
But he understood what I need.
Now I have one in October I am going to schedule one for September and hope that everything is good.
Terrell out of North Carolina helped me.
And you still have to go through the same thing with the person.
At this point my question was answered satisfactorily and so I can't think of anything else.
But he didn't let anything deter him.
The girl couldn't explain exactly why I still owe $12.
Everything was just fine so I have no complaints and you couldn't have done anything better.
I also liked that I was able to get to a human being very quickly I don't like when you have to fight to get the go through all that recorded stuff.
So it would be better if I wasn't concerned with having to be bothered with those kinds of calls.
However when I call I'm always well served.
So that's what I have to say about Michael C.
But I can't get the (unclear) hours because it will be after June.
The one before that put me on hold and never came back.
It was just like put me in dead air and made me wait.
They had patience with me and everything.
it would have helped if we'd a had not to have to wait from one person to another person.
I had to spell my name like 7 times to her.
I find it very confusing when someone calls from.
I said this every time I have the occasion to speak with your company.
So that was the last day of the plan but then he didn't go over any plans.
He just took this.
And I have ask for Silver Sneakers and I thought this was the number to talk to them.
When you talk to a agent they have to announce their words more clearly.
If you meant it to be today only then it should be considered a 4.
But the assistant that helped me is gonna send me a another group of gastronomists I can call.
He took the time that he needed to get it all together.
Someone needs to sit down and have a meeting with everyone.
Well the only thing I can think of is you could pull up out in front of the house and come in and do my dishes.
No one put the papers where they should be.
You know that needs to be taken into consideration.
I've been needing to find a place to go.
The music you have kind of puts people to sleep.
Y'all did real (unclear) to try to help me with my over the counter.
This shouldn't be so hard to change an address.
They didn't know anything about my situation or what I called about.
The representative the place that I was told I would be (unclear) to instead of making me take this survey.
You could've not dropped the ball and my late enrollment penalty charge which shouldn't have ever happened.
And the one thing I would say is that I've had two accounts there now for the longest time.
And I gave all nines in case the ten would only show up as a zero.
But what you did was confirm the payment.
Well you could've provided a walk in bath.
And she stuck with me through the whole thing.
And she also gave me some more information I didn't have.
I didn't get the survey didn't come through after the first two.
And it took a while to get that sorted out.
But I don't know if that was the pharmacy or United or who.
And I did not catch the name of the other two women I talked to.
Today I got all my answers and what I wanted from them was done and is going to be done.
Hope you get (unclear) and tell Jeff he made a friend in North Carolina.
So overall it was a good call so I have nothing to add.
Above and beyond anybody else I have ever talked to.
Mostly (unclear) that there were some details that I didn't get.
she wasn't able to get back to me.
She asked me to hold.
Next thing I know there's the survey.
So I don't know what happened there but that was just.
It does take quite a while to do that.
It apparently didn't like the way I entered my birthday.
So I'm hoping that the information that she gave me was correct.
But I have not much confidence in the people I spoke to.
but (unclear) they have to work it out.
She researched what I needed.
All I wanted to do was have her to transfer me over.
You know she verified my information.
She asked me did I need any extremely help which I didn't.
I had to ask her to repeat a few things.
And I asked them do something for me they did and now I'm.
I don't know anything different needed to be done with this call.
Or maybe it I do have a slight problem of hearing.
All the others didn't seem to know to answer simple questions that I had.
It actually took a little bit longer than it needed to.
And if I could get one for my house that would be good too.
But I don't get one every month and I was trying to take care of that so it would be done automatically.
Gave me everything I needed to know.
I had to repeat things 2 or 3 times.
But they want to stretch it out over 15 months and rent it to me.
I got my question answered and that's what they did.
She does not hear what I'm saying.
And she is gonna send me a letter that I need so that.
And said she would get another letter out to me.
I hope her boss finds out about it.
They said (unclear) plan and I think they did a good job.
She took her time trying to locate what we needed.
So I don't know what happened last month it should have been taken out but it was not.
It's just what I needed.
It's as if they didn't understand what I was asking and that was on a Saturday.
I couldn't have had a better person talking to me about this.
I don't have any problems everything goes through and I very easy to get a hold of someone to talk to.
So it's delaying the procedure I need to have done.
The call could have gone a little bit faster but the person that I talked to was trying to make sure that all the bases were covered.
I don't really have any complaints yeah I was on the line for 35 minutes.
But it takes what it takes and I am satisfied with what the results.
You could have taken a little less time to come up with an answer.
By that time they have already walked up.
But perhaps later on when I have more experience about this going on.
Didn't take but a couple minutes to get what I needed and I appreciate it.
So I don't have to calling around all over the place.
She just went above and beyond.
I think when you have the pre-recorded thing going on that you should have automatically speak to a representative on there.
So then you go back and forth back and forth.
And then they connected me to your representative.
I told him that and he ignored that.
She went above and beyond to help me so there's really nothing that I can offer as far as a.
Your automated couldn't understand anything I was saying.
They told me exactly what I needed to do.
She could have explained more.
I don't mean to knock on anybody's accent but it was very difficult to understand over the phone.
And I'd like to know of that was true or not.
Knew what he was doing.
That's why I gave you a zero.
And to be able to talk to someone like Beatrice and have two major questions answered.
She answered them for me.
That's what I wanted.
Told me how to get online.
She could have gotten me an answer sooner rather than later.
But some of these dentists (unclear) particular ones that I said have never accepted it.
It's to get me to do my exercise.
But I didn't get any answers for all from my four people.
You know sometimes you get tired of waiting on the phone.
You could've explained a little bit more clearly as to why my claim was rejected.
it's just that I was confused about the 26.
70 but I'm starting to catch on to that I get that every month.
And she knew everything.
The only problem I had was hearing my representative very loud in the background.
But I keep getting these letters which are very upsetting.
She has to get back to us if she ever finds out anything.
How can I answer a survey correctly when she didn't complete her job.
So we don't accidentally throw them out and wind up with identity theft concerns.
Not have me hanging on so long to wait to talk to someone.
But now that I'm wanting to use it it's not offered in my plan.
So I wanted to call and make sure it was not a scam.
But then when I speak to your person.
Never gets anything right.
And they keep charging me for it.
Tosha said she has it figured out and fixed now.
Couldn't ask for nothing better.
But then when I got connected to another state you know.
I'll have to think about that one.
I need to talk to somebody about why I'm calling.
And that's all I expected her to do.
They knew what they were doing.
She went above and beyond I think.
That's excellent customer service and I couldn't have been happier.
The thing that could've been done better was to have sent those forms to me.
Because she did not treat.
It was gonna be like 100$ and he also had me to hold on and he Googled in.
And that's not what I wanted and that's why I had to call.
And I'm not available to take the survey like I did today.
Maybe not to try to reorder something before we do and get me an email saying that takes forever to figure out.
Because if you start to say something it takes whatever you blurbed or mumbled as an answer.
Well you can have a little faster for answering the call.
Today's call it is May the 18th and I talked to Manny.
He's great he gave the information that I needed.
So that's why I called again today.
she took care of everything.
So she got that all straightened out.
But she did not have a list of that but that would have been helpful.
So she was going to try and work on that.
I talked to Jason from 3:37 to whatever time it is now.
Because it took a long time for her to figure out what was required to get it done.
Because they said they didn't bill it on time.
Except to tell me what I wanted to hear.
We still haven't fixed the problem yet.
But she's gonna contact me back Monday.
I give her a 10 all the way through.
It would be better if one department or one person or service representative could handle the issue that I had.
She happened to be from my area by (unclear) so you got a full highly rated.
What was that question? I didn't get that question.
I've had to restart everything on this claim.
If he wasn't sure of something he checked it out.
So other than that they tell me it's in the mail.
And she is a real asset to your company so I would do whatever I needed to to hold onto her.
It's what she suggested and then if there's a problem we will call back.
It would have nice if you answered the.
well I hung up after I think 10 minutes.
He needs to be prompted and of course he needs to have a raise.
I mean she went through a lot of work to find me an (unclear).
Communication with the automated system is not very good so I would kind of work on that.
But I'd just like to put in a good word for Karen.
You got it straightened out.
So I'm looking for another one and I would like to have done that in the first place (unclear) rather than on the second or third try.
Put her on the Ipad so I could see her face to face.
The only thing you could have done better for me would have been to erase my charges.
I had to ask her to repeat things a lot.
But it took a while to get around to go to tell me what the problem was.
Knew exactly what to do.
I could not talk to a nicer person down there.
Not made me call back to talk to somebody else.
The one in Minnesota never called me back.
He didn't call me back at all.
So I'm just about had with UHC.
I didn't know whether I paid ahead or I was behind.
Today I got everything that I needed.
Who am I to say but I thought every two years that the plan allowed for a pair of glasses.
But she very kindly told me I can get the technical support (unclear) during the week.
You could've answered my questions on why I was denied.
Never spoke to me yet.
That they got me the answers and that that I seek.
So it would've been better if maybe he could've told me right away there wasn't one or if he had quicker access to find out if there was one or not.
I'm very disappointed that I have to put out $200.
I liked the information they got for me and I'll be calling again.
So if you need to get a hold of me AnneMarie (unclear).
All you had to do was call Aetna.
And now I get to start all over again.
I had to ask her to repeat things for me.
The one thing probably would've been the interruption when I was waiting for her to look up the number that music and interruption that the music was having.
Dominique L went over and above her expected expectations I should say.
I ended up on a hold for many minutes.
I didn't get to talk to her because it was too late.
Gave me just exactly the answers I needed.
(Unclear) got what I needed.
And that's all I would say about that.
If I that information was already up there I would not have had to call him.
And it probably couldn't have been cuz it would have taken a very thick letter to do that.
The billing we have sometimes it comes inside.
And she was trying to find some information out for me.
They are not and I still got to wait two more weeks.
The service was excellent and I couldn't ask for more.
And then instead of checking it all out.
If I could've just gotten 10 the first time.
And she said it takes from 6-8 weeks to get this done.
And she could not (unclear) bouncing her around.
I was on hold for quite a while.
But I was denied because I guess my.
I think he went the extra mile for me and I just want to say thanks.
And we were kind of blind sided last week.
She told me that I was going to be on hold.
So I probably could've saved some time if I would've known that it didn't need the authorization.
Instead I was told that I did so that's all.
And that's quite a task getting me to understand.
But other than that everything was satisfactory and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend.
But I think I hit the pound key instead.
And someone will be getting back to me.
If you had zero and a hundred being the best I would've given her a hundred.
That's what they need to do.
If she comes back and calls me back and solve it everything is a ten.
I've got to do it.
Where you could feel the energy I'm sorry where you could feel the interruption.
And she told me how to go about with getting what I need.
You need to give that girl a raise and she was happy.
Seems that it took a while for her to find the information.
Gave me what I exactly needed.
That I cannot answer (unclear) I'm so angry.
So that's why I gave some 9s instead of 10.
they understood me.
The one thing you could have done better is not have the error to begin with.
Seemed like it took me quite a long time to figure out what the problem was but we got it resolved anyway.
Now I got to do something to try to get back to this number and stand in line again.
Not to have that service representative on there.
However he is not here so I'll have to wait until he is around before we can deactivate passport.
But she got in to United and got this-.
The one thing you could've done better is that the representative could have clear.
So I think the conflicting information is leaving me somewhat upset.
But I was reassured today its all taken care of that that was an error.
Nobody tried to sell me anything.
But I do have United now and she totally helped me out on other LabCore Lab places to go.
He thought of things I didn't.
The nice young gentleman named Joe that I spoke with will be calling me back Monday to make sure that the problem has been resolved.
So I'll have to get back to you.
It would've been good if I was told that my group has been changed.
So I had to take care of that today.
I've got enough to do but that would have helped a lot.
Knew what was happening and what I should do.
She made sure that I know what the problem was.
The person on the phone certainly had to look things up.
She had to look it up.
Sometimes they (unclear) sometimes they talk to fast.
She took care of everything for me.
I've been on hold for a while now and I already did the survey but I haven't been helped.
She did all the calls she had to make in order to resolve this complicated problem.
But I think it needed to be a clearer set of instructions.
A person that didn't have such a thick accent that was hard to understand.
Everything was satisfactory and if I have to do it again I would do it again.
They don't listen to what I am telling them.
So I don't know what else to say except it was good.
And that's about all I have to say.
So she said they hadn't been sent out yet.
I hope she's sending me out a form and so I think everything was okay.
She allowed me you know time to ask a question.
She didn't cut me off.
Maybe got a name of the person they spoke to.
But I was assured I will get the credit I'm asking for.
I've never met her.
You could've broken down right between physical therapy and occupational therapy and so that question could not be answered.
Made sure that I understood everything.
So I have no idea what is going on with my issue that I called in for.
It was down for 48 hours so I don't know.
I got exactly what I needed.
So he definitely sorted everything out.
when they asked me professionally if there are any other questions and.
I never heard of it before.
Really wasn't a problem I just thought maybe I had misplaced the bill.
I've never had to pay that much.
just he just knew what he was doing.
Yeah had a couple had a couple of people tell me what to do.
My service was great so I have no negative statements to make.
Have more people like the one I just spoke to.
The one thing you could have done better for me I guess I didn't understand a letter that I got so that was back in April.
He didn't leave anything out.
So I will call back in two hours (unclear) were able to get in touch (unclear) thank you.
I did have a couple more questions that need answered but I'll call back.
it's a hard one because I have to wait and see what happens when I do as Jay instructed me to do.
I'm not sure how to answer that.
And that's all I had to say.
Probably have the person know how to get to different settings on their computer and be able to decipher exactly what the person wants.
I got the impression that maybe the person was new.
You know like I said I wasn't able to resolve the issue but at least I got the information to be able to try to.
I would have given him a ten but sometimes when you push the 1 and 0 it doesn't come out right so that's why I gave a 9 instead but he was excellent to talk to.
You could say that there were more than one question.
I tad shorter wait time would have been good.
We'll be speaking again.
So far so good and I had United before I went into this new plan so I'm hoping I'll be as happy with the new plan.
Very happy I can't think of her name but she's from Saint Louis.
She didn't come back-.
So that's as close as I can come to a comment.
Gave me a lot of information and certainly appreciate it.
It would be nicer if you could just ask the question and get an answer instead of having to go through such a long process.
It just she seemed to have some problems with the network.
You exceeded my expectations and thank you.
I can't think of anything that could have been done better because Mister Luke's answers are exactly what I wanted to hear from him.
That's what I was just.
He sounded like he was a million miles away.
I'm supposed to call her back tomorrow and let her know what happened.
The call that I had earlier today which took about 22 minutes and just seemed like it shouldn't have.
That's what I called for.
I forgot to stay on the line for her.
So that was the only reason I gave a 9 on.
And both of them fully took care of my situation my questions.
And Nathan he can service me and took care of me.
And then I asked to speak with his supervisor.
And followed up while I was on hold.
I was on hold kind of a lot.
She went step by step and that's what I like.
The last ones they did not tell me that.
It didn't allow me to do a survey on the first person for some reason.
I just push the wrong digit that should have been a 10 not 0.
You took care of everything I needed.
It doesn't happen very often but we couldn't quite finish the whole transaction.
Couldn't have found a nicer girl.
It's not solved yet but I think she figured out how to do it.
She did what it took.
If we had more like him it would be amazing.
I never had to go on hold which usually in a lot of places I'm on hold forever.
And with the time it took to make a connection with the party I needed.
went out of her way to help me.
Answered my question and I don't have no problems and everything is a 10.
I think my question was answered and couldn't have been done better.
I haven't had no problems it was most helpful today.
The one thing you could've done is have sunshine.
I just don't like getting phone calls about things that I haven't asked about.
I didn't speak to any representative yet and I'm still waiting to speak to them.
They changed our address and I don't know how.
Everything was fine and I don't think I could've got better customer service.
But I would've rated the first question ten as far as referring anybody.
Which you're not allowed to do.
You know I think just a miscommunication between the provider.
And I was talking to him about transportation but these.
They really just went over and above what they had to do to resolve the issue that I had.
On 5/22 and I would like her to get the credit for that.
Well I think the first time you could have maybe talked to the doctor.
You could have allowed me to speak to the people that were holding up my husband's application.
You could give me a reason why it's being held up.
I've had to send things in twice because they didn't find them.
I got all the answer I need.
I have no issues with the way he handled my call.
So if we can get one like that every time that would be great.
And I've not been able to.
The only problem I had was the representative.
I think it would be a good idea if when people answer the phone they may give their first name and where they're calling from.
It would be nice to speak to a customer service person.
I did have a little bit of trying to understand what the man was saying on today's call.
And I got projections for a procedure that I need to have so I thank you very much.
So if there's one thing you can improve upon.
The only thing I can think of is the person might have been a little bit more familiar with her system.
So I know they have to (unclear) but I have a slight hearing problem and it bothered me.
The representative could have been a little more knowledgeable or quicker on some information for me.
Knew just what I had to do.
And she's going to try and do her best to make sure it gets straightened out.
It would be good for you to fix your recording when I first initially called you.
I had to call in because I cannot seem to find how to get your people up on the.
She did a thorough job and she's going to help out and get it straightened out.
But I've heard this before so I don't what else to say.
And let her know that she's work (unclear).
They told me it would not be covered at all.
Every time I call your always on point.
You couldn't have done any better than you did and this was with Shaunda and also Brian in the dental section.
The information I received was what I was hoping for so I will see if that is true in the future.
I thoroughly enjoyed doing that and there's no options with Silver Sneakers (unclear) Optum.
So that part that's why I was calling.
So you know I'm going to call back and see if I can do a little bit better with the second call.
He explained everything and I needed nothing.
And she knew how to look up the information very promptly.
And hope to be with you for years.
Just what I needed.
They did not waste time they worked on making sure that the needs that were met were met immediately.
You did everything as a representative to satisfy my call.
It's something that I need to turn in on a record.
Took forever to get through to you.
She could not find me in the system.
The computer could have worked a little faster.
I was just on hold for a little while.
So if they could just lighten up on the calls that would be appreciated.
I wrote it down but can't read my writing.
If you have reference back to the one who gave me assistance.
I think I was satisfied with the call so nothing that I can see that would've been any different.
And it leaves me to go talk to Kaiser (unclear) because they got information wrong.
And the last I just called the last person I got needs to be shining shoes or something.
I don't have one and I expected that to appear along with the other information.
It just took a little longer than she thought it would.
But then when I've looked at other sources they were more like internal medicine.
Was exactly what I needed.
I can't understand why one time I call they said I made it and next time I don't.
Not have to repeat my request three times.
He worked diligently to solve-.
If it hadn't have been for Harry B I wouldn't have got nothing done today because I had called 6 or 7 times and I kept being cut off and people kept (unclear) but I want you to know that Harry B is (unclear).
I had her look up three things for me.
And representative everything that I was concerned about.
And I got the answer that I needed.
And the others cannot will only take people to do cleanings in November again.
When a person all they need to do is change an address.
Sometimes the survey does not pull up at the end of the conversation I have with the advocates.
Which I was satisfied with by the way.
So they to clarify that information would be helpful.
just to get to talk to someone that I needed to talk to.
Superb on her knowledge and how to find out exactly what we were needing to find out.
I just didn't finish my conversation and I got cut off.
Which I did not know about until now.
I think he went above and beyond his call of duty.
Giving them the information that I can speak with them on her behalf.
Get me the exact directions on what I should do.
And we never showed up down to Florida.
So and then from then on we couldn't get any information.
I had Dominique on the phone and you could have never done anything better.
Could have made it happen online I guess.
At this point I yes I'm satisfied.
Could explain things much better than what had happened the first time so I wouldn't have had to call the second time.
Apparently nobody knew how to answer my question.
It would have been great to get an answer right away.
I was on hold for quite a while each time.
Nancy handled everything perfectly.
They supposed to call me back.
I cannot think of anything that I needed to know that wasn't provided for me by (unclear).
They never mentioned us going up to 5000.
They answered everything that I needed.
But she did explain everything fine.
She fixed everything up for us.
For the most part you did about what I asked.
what I was asking for.
And I ask her how do they know how long I was in the doctor's office.
But I'm gonna do that tomorrow.
He's disabled and we weren't told that.
As many times as (unclear) I called she was she.
You could have listened to me and done it with your resources.
I feel like I was on hold for an unusually long period of time.
Just didn't answer my question because you couldn't figure out what I was talking about.
The people I dealt with especially Lewis went above and beyond the call of duty.
The only thing I can think of is to have Cynthia always answer my calls.
Actually everything went very smoothly for my call and I don't have any recommendations to make them any better.
It makes living with the issue that I have to live with a little more tolerable.
You all answered all the questions I needed.
The representative could have been more clear speaking distinctly for letters that are like at the beginning and end of a word.
It could be the walls here in my condo that inhibited some of the words from being very clear.
The only thing I can think of is I asked when the pill was gonna go generic.
And no one seems to know that answer.
And I hope that one day I get him again to answer my questions.
Because it means today I have to go through the whole routine again and call.
Which you should've given me from what I understand.
When I place a call there is no one to solve or to try to solve the problem.
But it wasn't significantly long and I was able to get through okay.
So she was unable to get the carrier and I'm sad about that.
she is looking into it again.
So I think that it wouldn't hurt to try and work on getting their system a little more smoothly running.
She went way above and beyond to try and make sure that a problem that you had on your end got resolved.
They had the patience they had everything.
So that I could handle it online.
If you had listened to my explanation in the first place and would not have had to go to this length that's all.
And I don't know why in the system nobody ever changed it.
The other people I've gone through I was left on hold for like 15 minutes.
And no one seemed to understand this Christine seemed to know exactly how to go and fix it.
The rest of the group seemed to have no idea what they were doing.
One time getting disconnected and then the other time I just couldn't wait any longer.
They're just newly accepted on the plan that you have for having my eyes done.
There's only one thing and that is if you would just add to my questions anticipate what questions I might have and throw those out and include those in the conversation.
So it took a long while for me to finally talk to someone.
The guy tried all that he could.
Not put me on hold for over an hour.
I pushed 0 instead of 10.
You could've had what I wanted to know explained to me.
And that's all I got to say is number 1.
he explained that to me today.
She went over and beyond helping me solve my problem.
My representative Dawn explained everything to me.
But it was only after my persistence of egging her on and on to do it.
Did she find the results that I was looking for.
And she did do that.
And I should have everything done within the week.
And I made a mistake on that first one.
But nobody knew what to do.
That's what it should be.
It cannot explain to me just what I needed.
The only thing you could've done better is given me a resolution when I called in.
So she can call tomorrow if she wants to.
Maybe not have to wait as long for information because of computer.
I was helped to the Nth degree so everything was okay.
Without her I couldn't have got it done.
So I hope she gets all thumbs up.
I forgot what he said his last name was.
So my wife and I got $25 each so I don't know why that changed.
Not to be on hold quite so long.
She just offered to do it.
Today the employee said it is ratified and she will make sure it's out right away.
So he said he's sending them out to me.
It was just that what I called about is going to cost me a whole lot of money but that was just the plan.
You could've had a representative on the line who did not slur his words and could speak clearly.
I think they did everything they could do for me at this point in time.
So they totally took care of me I mean as far as what we were dealing with.
From this day forward though I think I have received the information that I need and I will go forward with that.
She went so far up and above to help me.
But I've never had a problem when I did call United just to let you know that also.
They probably just put everything off.
She could of listened a little closer to me because I don't know the name of the company.
You could have educated your customer service representative with some answers to questions that probably come up everyday of the week.
He had to stop and call other people.
I do not know of anything that you could do that would improve is response that I got from that young lady.
Everybody's been going out of their way to be helpful.
And sometime I can't hear it at all so maybe you can kind of help that along a little bit.
I've got to call about that again.
He did way above his call of duty so as far as he goes I give him a ten even eleven plus.
And I would think once you get approved with the policy that that information would be into the system but it was not.
So I'm satisfied as long as I get the forms that I've asked for.
And acknowledge that I called when (unclear) etcetera.
That's not always the case but today I had a difficult time getting through the prompts.
What you could've done was help me accept the doctor I wanted to go to but I understand why that's not possible.
Considering what the conversation was about it went as well as it could have.
So you need to hang on to her give her a raise.
Just make it slightly easier to get a hold of people.
And answered some that I hadn't even thought of.
And this call seemed to be more effort than the rep wanted to put in.
You need something better than that.
You answered my questions so I'm happy.
And I'm gonna go home and look at it.
He explained what I needed to have explained.
I was looking for a medicine that I really think's in your system but he couldn't find it and but he was.
It was I was on the waiting a long time.
But I'm happy I have finally have the report the answer.
The one thing you could've done better was to get me not to leave United Healthcare in the beginning.
You could've transferred me to a supervisor or somebody that can help me and be a little bit more knowledgeable.
Well Mark could have stayed on the phone to talk to me.
He is gonna call me back.
I don't see any way that you could the response on the phone was quick.
And that's all I need.
And they even repeated when I couldn't understand.
I'm just waiting to hear back.
And I have no kind of material telling me that I.
So I thank his input for knowledge of what I was after to resolve.
They don't wait for you to go get the card.
She didn't rush and she's just really appreciated.
If we'd have known and I.
I needed everything explained.
The rep could've spoken a little more clearly.
He just covered it all and then some and then some.
I think being able to accept some documents with a regular address so they could be over nighted to you.
But you got to do what you got to do.
But she couldn't answer my questions either.
She couldn't have been of more help.
knew all the things she needed to know to quickly get to the answer.
Had no problem whatsoever and everything was settled by the time she hung up.
So I had no problem with her at all.
she wanted to know the reason why I called.
It was all covered and I didn't have any more questions when I left.
You should've put that I had vision on my card.
The problem did not get solved and I'm awaiting a call back on for tomorrow.
It really helps when you need to track down information.
She took care of my situation right away and I don't think you can get any better than perfect.
Perhaps if you have somebody that's my age of 65.
Not have put me on hold for 15 minutes.
(Unclear) particularly the accent it was difficult to understand some of the things that were being said.
So I hope I got the right information this time Kim.
I don't have anything to say that could be done better because the help I received was just.
just I found out what I wanted to hear.
And now I'm told when I call that might not happen.
She decided to transfer to the survey to hang up on us.
So maybe Michelle needs to be reeducated if she does not know how to find the information or she needed additional training.
Please give me back to who ever I was talking to.
They could work on that a website and make it work.
But I can't get that covered at the moment so on that I will talk to Y'all later.
I only said five because I don't know if the problem is solved yet.
Actually everything was covered and I know which way to go.
I can't think of anything at the moment we got the information.
Just to help me check things out more thoroughly.
I entered a 9 because I've been told that if you try to enter 10 sometimes it registers just as one.
Or I'd be afraid it would just come up as a one.
And so I just stuck to this and the company (unclear).
Helped me with all my questions and that is it.
If I would have known that that would've probably been a lot easier.
I didn't was not aware of that at all.
Followed through with anything I had to ask and.
I really deciphered what was going on with the bill.
I really think that in his particular case there's not more he could do other than come home.
I got nothing to say more.
Even if the things I was confused on she thoroughly explained to me what my benefits include and what they didn't include.
She just couldn't solve my problems.
And I she did help me with how to get it solved.
Gave me everything I wanted to know.
Christina took every step necessary to try to resolve my issue.
I said it three different ways and the recording still did not understand.
So fortunately they connected me with an operator.
So because what the original agent told me didn't set well with me that's why I decided to call back today and try to get a better clarification.
The only thing I would say there's a slight.
And I know the insurance way better than I did.
And understanding and I can call back if something comes up.
It could be good if any time I could talk to somebody and live like get (unclear) the machine.
The only thing I would suggest is a little quicker.
I got the answer I wanted and that's all that matters.
I would have selected number 10 as completely satisfied.
The only thing you could help me with today is to come up with $1500.
I had no concept of all the benefits that I have.
They didn't have any knowledge on the (unclear) patch that I was wanting.
So anyway it's been straightened out and I appreciate it.
So that's just a issue I had to deal with.
you could tell she's very dedicated to her job.
We can't speak more highly of her.
Other than that I'm satisfied but I did not get any results.
Had no problems in understanding what was said to me and could always use.
She (unclear) wait about 30 seconds (unclear) and then I asked.
She had to go look something up.
I'm gonna do what I was gonna do before I made the call.
It would be nice to be able to get back to the helper.
And then he told me they couldn't do this and he couldn't do that.
But come to find out he couldn't.
And I can't stay on the line if they hang up the phone.
It would have been better if I known to start out asking instead of is it.
So it's been a hassle to go through that.
That's what I was interested in.
Excellent help that I got.
(unclear) is looking into the problem and I should hear back today.
There's noting that I can think of that could've been done.
You could teach some of the people to have a little bit more patience and understanding.
I'm sorry but I wanted them to have a 4 4 4.
And the lady was connecting me to some other place what did she.
I don't really know because it was because I got the wrong piece that goes to my pump.
And we had to track it down all the way to the who made it to find.
But we got it done.
Your peddler I have to call him because it's happened last year to.
They did and he told me okay that's on the list.
what better you could do for me because everything was perfect.
It was my obligations that kept me from not being able to just jump right in and get it done.
I may have accidentally pushed 1 trying to connect with the 4.
I'll have to look that up and see.
And also you wanted to know about you said I'm going to participate in a brief survey.
Call me back when you said you was.
If I had read the book I would've known without bothering her.
question answered right away and it was perfect.
You couldn't have done anymore because the office we were trying to contact.
If I don't get the satisfactory answer that I'm looking for I will be calling UHC.
I understand exactly where I stand and I have no further questions and it was entirely satisfactory.
And I'll see if it works on Tuesday when I go back to the exercise class.
And I got my answer you know very completely.
So with that being said you have a blessed evening.
Took care of me and I have no complaints.
She understood and our problem will be resolved in a minute.
The one thing you could do better is I did have difficulty understanding the representative.
We had no idea that we were going to come up against all these things of needing a referral and needing.
It took a long time to get through.
With courtesy and there wasn't anything else I needed to ask.
Although my situation hasn't been resolved he took extraordinary measures to at least get the ball rolling.
That's why I put a 9 in instead of a 10.
When I got to a human being she said oh we don't have the paperwork.
I'll find out myself that.
(unclear) was asking was taken care of.
You could have slowed down speaking to me because I'm hard of hearing.
Off the top of my head I don't know.
the representative before had put in that I didn't want it filled.
Guaranteed that what I was seeking is gonna happen.
And we laughed at a couple of things.
She found what I needed.
She could not make the connection with the party she needed to.
He told me that my stuff would be lower than what I was already.
I think that Joseph the man that took my call was just.
that I could've found out about this earlier.
So I'll see what type of code they can come up with.
Everything I asked you had an answer for so there was nothing you could do to improve the response.
And that's all I've got to say.
Tell me to call back on the 30th and I don't know if I'll have time on the 30th.
No I think everything went fine except that I did not get a hold of the proper person to make.
And then it says that I have.
It would be nice if there was one place to get all the information and not have to get switched from one person to another.
Always cut me off or whatever.
They gave me information that I had no idea of when I really appreciate that.
They handled everything I needed today.
She actually went out of her way.
I have to say that the enrollment was sometimes difficult to figure out.
That man that had me first couldn't find me.
He explained everything to me.
Be able to answer the questions that needed to be answered.
And she's gonna give me a call back.
I maybe what you could've done was use two digits for 10.
Because I marked 0 and I meant to choose terrific thank you.
Only I couldn't get that appointment on May the 29th so I don't know where I supposed to go for that.
They answered my question and there's nothing else they could do.
Put through what needed to be put through and it was fine.
I can't think of one other thing that I could've been told that would improve my situation.
That gentleman just could not understand what I was saying.
And I think he needs more training in comprehending what people are saying.
If there was some music or something you could put on there but a dead line.
You done everything that I needed for you to do.
Oh (unclear) when I called they assist.
Even if he doesn't have that (unclear)-.
Then they transfer you to somebody else.
So there I didn't feel that there was any improvement that needs to take place.
The one thing I would suggest is you hire more individuals like the person I spoke with he answered my questions.
And gave me the information plus some information that might help me that I wasn't aware of before.
Maybe speak a little more slowly.
I'm not sure that the representative fully understood what I was saying.
But he asked me the same question a couple of times.
So you need to tone that one down for the beep but otherwise everything was just fine.
So I'm just going to forget that.
She says she can't find it.
I give it to her again.
But it's when I call in and try and let them know what I'm calling about.
If there was a human being that you could talk to.
And there's nothing you can do except get frustrated over trying to resolve the problem.
she couldn't hang up and call me back.
I think that there should be a way that she could put me on hold (unclear) the call and handle (unclear) be able to call back.
But I suppose it has to do with the credentials again.
I was on hold a little bit at the time so I guess that would be it.
And no one could answer those questions.
And nobody has been able to help me.
he put me on hold the.
She had to look up a number (unclear) different screen and I don't think she could've done better.
That should go all the way through and not have to be asked for again.
we couldn't find the incident that I was talking about and I would've liked for that to happened.
But I want to leave a comment about the person who took this call named Diana.
Although there was some changes in the computer that she didn't know about.
So we had to wait a little while for that.
You're trying to help everybody.
I don't have no comment because everything was good.
told me everything that I needed to know.
And I'm hoping that my next step will work as they told me.
Did a good job and this is the first time I had to call.
There's really no need to improve it was fine.
The item itself is not completely resolved but this girl could not have done a better job than she could do.
But the poor lady tried I will give her that.
She tried but now I have to go back and start over with another.
But I got the results that I needed.
I only wish that I could've gotten this problem resolved before today.
It was great to talk to somebody from your company.
Explained everything so that I could understand it.
and helped me out but I hung on for a long time and then suddenly the survey comes on so I guess it's over.
So the (unclear) are not totally resolved but at least I know what the problem is and I know what to do about it and I understand it.
But I'm getting that looked into further someplace else.
And I told him that supervisors usually play that game.
Perhaps diagnose the problem a little bit quicker but overall it was fine.
Both with the most recent advocate that I talked with and (unclear).
So I would suggest that I had a less than favorable actually a zero when it comes to the person I talked to from the Philippines.
I just thinks this happens occasionally it shouldn't take an hour to get it fixed.
But I understand what was going on.
You resolved the issues that I had.
When I've called I usually get the answer to what I've been looking for.
I feel like you all paid close to $50000 for his mistake.
I really can't think of anything because my questions was answered very promptly.
The gentlemen is going to call me back.
So I will be there for him on Tuesday.
Look into it and make it happen.
He definitely needs to be recognized.
Not lied to me on the first time I called.
So we got it resolved just fine.
Extremely robotic on until you have a nice script for them to follow and the agent did again do what they should have done.
So as far as I'm concerned he couldn't have been any better.
He should have gotten a 10 not a zero.
I give him an A for effort because he answered my question.
And we will not be able to talk to them until Wednesday but there's nothing we can do about that.
So I expect to hear back from him on Tuesday.
Trying to enroll I did not get satisfied at this level.
But me following your directions I did not get a result.
They're always there for me when I call.
She couldn't figure it out.
Consequently I didn't understand the reason for had there was no discounts on the (unclear).
Everything was done that you could have done and I'll be getting a confirmation letter.
She could have listened a little bit more.
I've had the help I've needed I don't.
At the current time I don't see anything that could be done better but I have to follow up on Tuesday in regards to the issue here.
And like I said get ready for your meeting get ready for your seminar meeting.
I asked them about 6 times and made sure he put in the right dates and he said he did so that should be okay.
So it would have been easier a lot better if I could've gotten communication through to them the first time.
He went above and beyond and you guys are there on a holiday weekend.
But I just screwed up and didn't pick up.
Because they did not have that information handy.
So it be good if they had been supplied with that information.
Everybody here watch Angela mouth and take notes.
That's why I called.
Knew what she was doing.
If I can but I didn't get that the first time around when I signed up.
I don't have anything to tell you about that one but everything was perfect.
The only thing you could move on would (unclear) to an actual (unclear).
Actually the representative did everything she possibly could to resolve the issue.
He never asked me a question.
But that's that really was what I wanted to say about the survey.
It's just that it got there and I got to talk to someone immediately.
Exactly what I needed.
And she gave me as much information if not more than I.
Given me better information so that I would know what to do without having to call someone else to figure out what's going on.
It wasn't her fault that I didn't get all of the information.
No one else should have to go through what I went through.
I got what I wanted done.
She (unclear) even though my problem couldn't be solved.
There's no way in the world I would change what she did.
And I didn't have to hold for a long period of time and I'm very pleased.
there was nothing in the records to show that they you know had received it or anything like that.
She'll be calling me back.
Or gave me an explanation (unclear) give me an explanation.
I believe you should be able to do that with one phone call and less trouble on the part of the representative.
And that if they deny it again than at least I know what's going and I can resubmit a claim.
I thought you were open 24 7.
And I'm also hoping that I will get the welcome to UHC packet sooner rather than later.
The call went smoothly and exactly how I hoped it would.
He answered the question that I called in about.
And then she said just let me check that a little bit further.
But since the woman was able to find one in Mount Vernon that's good enough for me.
Everything I needed them them to do they did without any problem and (unclear).
It really didn't take him long to get my answers I would.
I don't even understand how a kit gets sent out that's incomplete.
Several times that I called I haven't been able to understand the representatives because they have thick accents.
He looked into information to help solve the problem and we resolved it and it really didn't take all that long.
Much too long to get my question answered.
If all your agents were as good as Rhianna was it would be better.
So It's an issue that I have had with other people.
Sometimes I have to wait longer but today was a good day.
And we answered it fairly quickly.
And she tried to do the best (unclear) things.
There was no way on Earth that they could have been any nicer and given me information that I was searching for.
I didn't go to auto line and that went very smooth.
But every button that were supposed to do excellent.
I explained it to both of you.
You wouldn't talk to me about my wife.
You never asked me for that.
So I can't see any way of improving her the way she handled my questions.
So I don't have any anything I could suggest at this time for this matter that I called on.
(Unclear) I got to tell you I mean it took a little time.
No one has an answer of how this happened and I find that very difficult to understand and recommend your company to any friends or associates that I may have.
The thing is I had to call three times.
And at the end they didn't know if it was refilled.
Fact everybody has when I called this morning.
And of course he was raised in California and he's from Mexico.
And he was able to you know tell me exactly that I'm in tier three.
So I'm I had to understand what that meant.
And she appears to have resolved my problem.
It volume was so low I could hardly hear it.
And just wanted to say there was nothing she needed to do to make the experience better.
Now better than that it does not get.
So I hope this information will get back to her.
There was so much noise I could barely hear.
I could hardly understand anything that the person was saying.
Just speak a little bit slower.
I found out what I wanted to know.
And I found out what I needed to know.
So I just called back and this call was to say wrong and that the 27.
That's the only criticism I would have.
I didn't talk to the gal long enough to answer a survey.
I had nothing add to what was done.
And no one was able to except for this last lady help me understand what happened.
And I called you people to have it corrected.
Couldn't have spoken to a better person.
Took too long to get this matter resolved.
They said it was going to be nine minutes.
And he had to go through a book and look a lot of things up.
And finally it turned out no I did not have to.
If I hit the wrong numbers I'm sorry.
But sometimes I have trouble understanding what the representative may be telling me.
And then giving me the answer that I needed to hear.
I hope that those three responses all came out as 10.
I think that they could handle the business part of who they supposed to pay in a more orderly manner.
I wish that I had thought to ask what the cost out of pocket would be (unclear).
You could have been more honest because you said it was a one question survey and it turned out to be a three question survey.
And that helped me a lot because I was worried that I wasn't paying right.
And she gave me the answer to what I needed.
And answering the questions you know that I just needed her to answer.
If I had some literature he gave me some and I don't know where it is.
Friendly knew exactly what they were doing.
Yeah I called about five times.
It took the fifth time until I finally got to talk to somebody.
Just wanted to give her a plus.
She assist me with whatever question I ask her.
As opposed to leaving it to me to figure out which would be best (unclear).
They gave me you know information.
There was no hesitation about it you know but I've had some that I've had to call maybe six times before I got somebody.
They knew what they were doing and they need a job.
I pressed one which apparently meant never and I meant to press four which meant always.
And that's all that needs to be done.
Everything was okay and I don't think you can do anything different to help the customer.
And maybe I should have started the process a long time ago but I was moving you know and that was super painful for me jut to pack.
You have somebody talk to me about what I called about.
It was just important to get somebody that I can understand on the phone.
They're telling me I moved out of town when I didn't.
His number is 9522028668 but if you'd like to try to get a hold of him.
And answered the question that I had.
Everything I ask and I ask the same question a hundred times.
I don't think there was much for her to do because I've got to change providers.
So the automated system said that if I didn't enter it properly y'all were gonna have to hang up on me.
Knew exactly what we wanted on the conversation and handled it for us.
She didn't give me her name or if she did I forgot what it was.
Those are but basically the only things that I had a problem with.
So hopefully I will receive it within hopefully sooner than 6 to 8 weeks but I will certainly be waiting for it.
It seemed like I had to explain what should be done and not Hannah.
She's supposed to be calling me back and I hope she does because I have to get this straightened out.
But that's all I got to say.
And then she was you know barely helpful.
But I will check on that again another day.
You could have it a little easier to get a live person to talk to instead of a recording.
Really you couldn't have done anything else except to do what I asked and it was great.
And then we go through a hassle to get over to Optum.
So I don't know how you could've improved it was perfect.
I got exactly what I needed.
They're ten all the way as I see them.
That was the frustration that I dealt with today.
And also told me what to do to help my situation.
And no one ever call me.
Could've got to what I needed to know but she can only do she can only work with what kind of software she has to work with.
They always say (unclear) 1965 instead of what I have said which is 35.
It was our first call ever and it went perfect so I can't think of a thing.
I got a fly bothering me here.
Jessica she could have been more friendly on the phone.
I had to keep on repeating stuff for her.
They could not give me what I asked for.
I'm not sure what it would take to have helped.
to have helped me today but my problem is still the same as it was when I called.
I meant that to be a 10.
The one thing you could've done better is when you call up initially you get a what I call a robot.
Are you having trouble changing you know so it happens often and I have to repeat myself and finally I say speak to a human speak to a person and finally I'm connected.
Forgive my terminology but it's the best I can do at the moment.
But if it were my husband he wouldn't have been able to talk to him.
We just had to follow up on.
She really went above and beyond to solve my problem.
they would have to get it in within a year.
maybe it could've avoided a call I made.
No I was just trying to do something (unclear) if I could get my brace.
But at least I know what's going on.
You know I got a real person right away.
I guess you thought Doc Holiday was hand me a bottle of whiskey and just pull it out.
One thing you could've done better was give me to Mr Peter and last name starts with the letter H.
Because he took care of me promptly efficiently and if anything this guy should be rated five on a scale of one to five.
The automated system could not get nothing right.
They have never treated me badly.
I was unaware that and you were just thinking they were gonna submit and they submit and then it was denied.
So I hung up and started over.
I wasn't sure of where I stood with my bills.
Silverback probably should have gotten back to him a lot quicker.
That's about the only problem I had today.
The only thing I would suggest is because I had to get a lot of things straightened out.
There were a couple of your representatives that I have spoken with that maybe did not have enough training to give accurate answers in the recent past.
Told me what had happened.
I haven't spoken to an agent yet and nothing has been done yet.
Nothing that I can think of because the problem was not really solved but we'll have to wait until tomorrow until the doctor's office opens and we can find out more.
I put the nine because I wasn't sure if you could get the ten on the register.
You could have not have denied me from some things that came in on my paper you send me.
Except that you know you ask if somebody can wait to answer one question and as soon as you get on they say we have three questions for you.
But I was told that that that you don't do those.
So I was wasting the girl's time and my time.
Not on all (unclear) to think that they had changed to Monarch.
Well originally they could have asked me.
I don't see any room for improvement because the representative handled everything perfectly.
She provided everything we needed.
She really dove into this claim that I have.
Okay that's all I got to say.
You could have resolved that without me filing anything.
and I figured this out looking at my checkbook.
The person on the other end helped me out a lot and it took a matter of seconds.
And otherwise I would've been paying too much.
Time I spent and incredible amount of time trying to straighten out miss information that was conveyed earlier.
Gave me the answer I needed so that we can get the issue resolved.
So there was nothing based on this phone call that I would change.
You could have made it easier on me electronic automated stuff so I wouldn't have had to bother one of your live people.
I hope this girl Nicole follows through.
Should I hang up now or talk to somebody else.
They didn't explain it very well.
Every time I speak with you all.
You have to type it in manually to get there so that would be it.
Not had to wait for someone to help.
I'm hoping that she would answer all my calls in the future.
More or less bent over backwards to help me.
Well I didn't see anything that you could've done better 'cause I thought I got all the answers that I needed okay.
And they have always helped us resolve the questions that we have so.
I have no suggestions because my problem was solved.
I found out what I wanted to know.
So I'm still at the same place that I was when I first called.
I don't have a comment on that because everything was handled satisfactory.
She had no idea what was going on.
went above and beyond to try to satisfy me because I just didn't understand prior to the phone conversation.
You pointed me in the right direction to get the information that I need.
Been able to answer my call more promptly.
Just maybe a little more time to think about any possible other questions needed to be answered.
I think I may have put an accidental zero in there today and it should be a ten for the last survey question.
I'm perfectly satisfied and I would not ask for anything better then what I had with Marvin.
He told me everything I needed.
Just wish that time was shorter.
Gave me all the information that I wanted to know and that's all I have to say.
So I want a person to talk to immediately before they connect me to the person that I want to talk to.
I would've had a better resolved it that was resolved tonight but they're saying tomorrow.
So it would really help (unclear) all lined up.
That they jump me for one person to another one.
So that's the why I put zero.
So it would be easier if there was a shorter route to making this correction.
And I think we have everything resolved and we can move on to the next step.
And I think I'm making progress on my question.
Someone is trying to put my.
I'm upset about the girl who tried to put.
wanted to know if that covered for the glasses I do have.
And I was told that they still are.
You could just tell me that it's processing instead of trying to make conversation.
You know explaining what I wanted.
And I will be looking forward to dealing with you in the future.
When I think of something that you can better at I will call you but for now I'm completely satisfied with the services given by the man Jaime.
(Unclear) you covered everything that I needed today.
My question was answered thoroughly and there wasn't anything additional that needed to be done.
It was perfect and I have nothing to add.
I was not hold for maybe two seconds.
I meant to hit it I think I meant to hit a.
And if you'll pardon me on the very first question I put 5 and I meant to put 10.
You answered everything I needed to know.
She got my problems solved.
The only difficulty I had was I.
But she did okay.
I am having a very difficult time finding the places that I need to go to.
Could have put the agent that involved in the dispute on the line together so we could have discussed it and got it over with.
They could have told me about talked more about copays.
I spoke with Robin in your vision part and I can't tell you anything you could improve on.
This survey started before I talked to anyone.
I was thinking that 1 was not at all satisfied and 0 was 10.
It's just I was ahead of time for when it goes into effect.
And this has been about 4 or 5 weeks ago and I'm still was waiting.
Could've researched the records to see that we actually do.
And now I have to hang up because I'm expecting an answer from her.
It was about ten minutes over all in length and I would think it could be quicker.
So I've had to call you back.
So I've spoken to nobody.
The only thing you could do is give Melissa from Columbus Ohio give her a raise.
So I had to call back again and talk with (unclear) else.
And (unclear) was able to confirm that yes I did have coverage.
Sometimes it was not clear what my responses from him should have been.
Because things kind of put me into a stress ball of panic situation.
So that's the only thing I could suggest.
The previous person said we had to pay a large amount and that it would never drop down.
So that could be done better if somebody would leave a voicemail.
That's what they could be able to do.
The agent should be able to do that without exception.
that I had questions about.
And I will try and get other people and talk them into going through to you.
And everything that y'all could want as an employee.
She made me repeat and (unclear).
Wished I'd known it sooner.
And never like I was imposing on him.
It means he knows how to treat you.
So when it happens then I can give you a 10.
I kept getting what I didn't ask for so but today's fine.
It was perfect I wouldn't change a thing.
And the way I was treated as well of course.
Everything was OK because of my mistakes I have to pay a penalty but everything was OK great.
She is going to contact me back.
Which I thought shouldn't be that difficult to find.
So she did her best but as I said you really need to update your directory.
Sometimes the representatives are hard to understand.
I have to say representative over and over and over and I punched zero over and over and over.
And once we got to know each other you know.
But it took her a few minutes you know to get on the uptake.
It's just that I still have questions that have to be answered and I'm going to have to wait to get the answers once we start the procedure.
Took too long but at the end we both figured it out.
So I come back home and called and it's doing it again.
It totally does not help me as a customer.
But I was just trying to lay a little ground work for it.
Got me what I needed.
But just a little bit louder would be all I would say.
And I know it would've been more difficult for them to hear her.
He knew exactly what I needed done.
you start out on stage 3 then you go into stage 1.
So I'm hoping I (unclear) but it sounds like I did.
I've never had an experience like I had today.
Maybe we could not have sent them to me to start with.
I know the first time that I called the lines was really bad as far as connection.
Everything was very well explained and I don't see any room for improvement on this phone call.
that I wasn't satisfied with the explanation that I got from United.
I have the problems that I did have a little bit was because of my ears.
But we got it straightened out.
Not exactly the information that I wanted to hear.
He just couldn't contact the people so to resolve the claim.
I don't understand why this letter was mailed.
it was sometimes hard to hear the person talking.
So once she figures out everything and calls me back I can better answer your question.
I get different answers all the time.
But when I asked the first question you get a specific answer without any elaboration.
So I had to ask more questions to get elaboration.
To learn what it was that I'm going to have to do to deal with this.
But Tammy took care of me.
I think the outcome could've been better if I could've gotten a refund.
Like someone to contact me or help my husband and I out with this iron situation.
This is the fifth time I have called to try to resolve this one issue.
And I have gotten inferences to information from one person to the next that I have talked to.
So at this point I am reserved in my opinion that it will even be resolved this time.
And what I needed to know.
And left me with the understanding that I needed.
And my mother worked for 40 years before me.
And if I was in the position of hiring people.
If you had warned us.
Took his time and really explained things.
But that had nothing to do with my service.
So therefore I have talked to nobody on this call.
And when it says to put an extension I don't know the extension.
So I'd like to talk with someone about a prescription.
He knew exactly where to navigate and he had the answers to our questions.
But in the past it's just been very hard to speak to someone who knew how to navigate the system and who knew what they were doing.
So this particular person (unclear) he knew exactly what he was doing.
And I don't think there was anything else to be improved with our conversation between the two of us.
And we got our information straight I (unclear).
I think what could've been done better in the future is to just have been offered the yearly payoff amount.
Not had me wait so long (unclear) on hold to get through.
I just want to make sure moving forward that the information given was received.
For what to show that I spent some money.
Gave me more information that I had been looking for and I can't say enough good things about Veronica.
So I have nothing but good to say about Rebecca.
That opened a whole can of worms so we went through all the.
I had to figure out the right words to get through to a real person.
It happens every time I call in.
Actually Jane handled it completely.
The one thing you could have had done better that my policy would have covered what I thought it should cover but it didn't.
You could have resolved this problem three weeks ago.
I just had to hold on for a little while previous to that in the menu.
You could have connected me with a representative much sooner than having to go through button pushing to get somebody to talk to rather than a machine.
Offered a lot of advice and was just could not have been more considerate.
I think the young man is researching some of the problem that I told him about so other than that it was fine.
I have nothing more to say at the present time with the numbers I pressed I think will be sufficient for now but I will definitely leave more verbiage after I get my situation here straightened out.
You found out exactly what I needed to know and done it quickly.
it kept coming back that they didn't understand what I was saying.
Even when I asked them again.
And so she went right back over it.
At this time I cannot think of anything that could have improved on what Keonae did.
So at this time I don't have anything that I could think of that could improved on the service that he gave me.
They put me on hold for forever.
It was handled exactly how I would want it to have been handled.
she needed to do.
That's what we needed.
seems that they won't.
in fact she anticipated some concerns we might have.
And I meant to push a ten.
And any concerns I had that she had laid to rest.
So but I got that taken care of.
And (unclear) time to look up answers to the questions I was asking.
And she (unclear) all the information I needed.
It I guess that could've been better if it had been updated at that time.
Then they have to transfer you so many times before you can get the right department.
The help that I had is more that I expected.
Because I sometimes get my words mixed up.
So if you have a chance tell Lydia Robert said thank you.
Wanted to tell me what to do rather than answering my question and deal with my issues.
But I sort of figured it out on my own.
She took her time and she's gonna follow up on it.
I think there should be some notation of what kind of care was given.
And she should be promoted or recognized.
Janice the representative did everything.
And you resolved my matter quickly.
She just didn't give me a regular one.
She knew what I needed and she's just ready.
you know she needed to put me on hold for a bit to check something out.
And she didn't tell me anything about the medication.
And she gave me no information about that.
So she was no help at all.
And I'm so impressed with all your employees but I always have so many numbers I have to call.
And sometimes I've been told to call certain people one of them Mr Rosenburger who I guess has the authority to approve what I was asking.
And I was wondering why it takes so long.
what I was asking for.
We had a little issue with my being signed in.
I just I'd been paying 99 and now all of a sudden it's 241.
It's been more than once that I keep calling about.
Nobody knows hot to resolve anything.
Could have been a little bit more cheery.
It doesn't cover it and it doesn't' offer any substitutes to cover.
And I think you all got some good associates at your place.
He explained everything to me.
But it has to go to somebody else who makes the decision.
Y'all have been great.
What could've been done better is for the person to have had more knowledge about what I was asking.
And I got to talk to somebody right away.
It's not that I was gonna do anything with them.
I did have a lot of time on my hands and whatever spare time that I have.
Everything was satisfactory I don't know if I pushed the wrong button but everything should've been excellent.
I gave it a ten anyway.
And then all of a sudden it said I needed to speak to a person.
Just possibly have the person I talked to talk a little slower they talk a little too fast.
It was down would be down for about a week but thank you.
And then I found out that I oh wait a minute I got two months here.
But Jean straightened me out.
You know you should slow stop making it so difficult just to get through to the question.
So I needed that and they.
You could have made the call a little bit more swift.
I have to follow up on what I was told.
She really made my day.
what I found out yesterday.
Hard to say to do one thing better.
You did very well for me on my call today.
Not have to wait quite so long for information.
He couldn't get his hands on anything.
Because they told me exactly what I needed to know in a very fast manner.
He (unclear) the questions I asked him.
Today was fine last week was I never found out what the results were.
That's what I wanted to do.
she couldn't have been nicer on the phone to me.
So I think I'm satisfied for now.
So I have no suggestions on how things could be improved.
It was very easy much easier than the last time I had done it.
He told me that he would call me back and rather than keep me on hold.
He said that he would call me back.
So that's the only thing that I had as an issue today.
But she couldn't give me the next step so.
She gave me all the information I needed and so there is no occasion for you to have done better.
What I think would help everything is if you were not connected so many times before you got to the right person.
It seems like every time I call I get a different answer depending on which representative I speak with.
And so I think that was wrong of the company only to (unclear) what should not be later on.
He supposedly entered his credentials and yet they aren't showing up on UHC.
And I really appreciate talking directly to a person instead of to a programmed voice.
Couldn't have asked for a better person to talk to.
And so if those questions are very necessary then the only thing that can help us if they call us by phone and we answer the questions.
That's all I've got to say.
I was completely happy with my service today so there is nothing that I can suggest to you.
Because sometimes you call and you just want to get in contact with the representative and the machine (unclear).
So and they have a doctor's name on here that I don't recognize and I was just trying to find out why it was on there.
And no I was satisfied you know(unclear).
That was something that I don't know why it would that (unclear).
They had to speak with her directly so now we'll have to make another call back.
It was excellent and I give it a ten plus.
I don't see any need for improvement as Jacqueline was fantastic with handling the call.
So it does reflect on how well you train.
without putting me on hold at all.
I don't know who this Julie is but she has the personality of a wall.
we were informed that we weren't covered.
She took the time to be able to respond to everything.
But she even had to had to go different places because she couldn't get it to work either.
And all you were trying to do there is sell plans.
And it was hard to find because we even followed your instructions on your bill on how to get there and it didn't work.
Actually you covered everything that needed to be covered.
She asked me how much I want to pay.
And then whatever I give her is going to be a (unclear).
And all that we were seeking was available to us.
And we are looking at what could be fraud.
Previously I had gotten 2 young guys who didn't seem to know what they were doing.
I just hang up and call back and get somebody else until I get somebody who acts like they're half way intelligent.
I say it often but I have no improvements recommended at this time.
She took care of every last issue that I had.
be nice if we could have resolved the situation.
I tried to narrow it down that I'm suppose to be being transferred right now to somebody who can help me with a claim which I'm not even putting in.
So therefore we will not be resigning in October with UHC.
I just was concerned about him not having a card like me.
But when we stopped speaking I got cut off.
She went out of her way to do what needed to be done.
So otherwise I would've ten and that's the story.
Well it would of been good to know I was going to get my money back.
So we couldn't figure out where the claim generated from.
But I'll have to track it down some other way.
Not have to go through so many prompts to actually get to a person to ask a question.
She got me what I needed.
Could have paid me my money.
Gave me the answers I need.
You put me on hold and never got back to me and then I was at the survey.
And I'm glad that we got to speak with her.
A little difficult to hear the person who was explaining the situation to me.
I got a circle going around and around and around.
I liked having it for going out to eat and stuff like that the last time OK but that was it.
It seemed like she didn't know anymore than I knew.
Told me how to on my part how to do things that I can resolve it.
Not have to have been transferred.
I said it's only halfway through the year and I'm up to the gap already.
She completely filled me in and I think we're going to be able to handle it from there.
She did not seem to be able to give me an answer.
One zero and it did that twice which I don't think that made a difference.
Everybody's so helpful that I talk to.
I've got to call them now.
But I'd like that if they do call us to call us in Spanish.
They always said I owe more than what I really do and that's the case this time also.
except being able to get to a person to talk to.
Gave me all the answers I needed and even some answers I didn't think of.
Today is May 31st and I thought it was a little late getting here.
I thought it was taking too long to get the thing out the door.
She is going to continue to search and get back to me.
But it would've been nice to have the information more readily available to her.
Got a simple answer which was also a helpful one and that was it.
There was much confusion between representatives that I talked to over the last 3 days.
If they had more information for me.
I would have liked to have known that it was going to cost the $304.
And the only reason for the 9 I have to wait and see if I get the results she promised.
You asked me to take the survey before I ever talked to anybody.
I think they could get here a little faster cuz I have an appointment on the 11th.
I only used 9 because it's usually if we punch than it is 10.
That's why I called in but the lady helped me.
I have no way now to get back in touch with them.
The one thing that could have been done better would be to inform the participants.
but I ain't got no clear answer yet.
Y'all took care of everything I need to know (unclear).
if I can I would talk to him at any time of the day.
Every time the call if I have to call again I'd hope to get her.
Must've it was a time was allowed to send it.
I don't know if she had an accent different than mine or it was a bad connection.
But had a little bit of trouble telling me what I actually owe.
But we did get it straightened out.
So I just feel it was a ten all the way around.
I don't know right now but she did very well with the conversation with the transaction.
I just they repeat things over again slower more slowly.
They were able to cut through all this stupidity that.
It's very important that I do hear back from her.
So I expect to hear from Chante on Wednesday of next week.
It would have been nice someone can answer sooner.
Did speak English but with an accent so heavy it's almost impossible to carry on a conversation.
And I got the answer I needed.
I never had a problem with calling you people.
And full of the information by the way that I wanted to get.
I thought agents would be there longer at night.
Because it's hard for me to understand.
Doesn't even tell me which book.
We just haven't resolved the issue yet.
And I'm looking forward to calling again ask question.
Not having to wait so long.
She took care of whatever I (unclear) to do.
Just it took awhile to get a response.
Agent needed to speak a little more clearly or slowly.
I was on hold too long.
Not exactly sure because I really haven't been able to resolve the problem yet.
But I just can't say that my issue was resolved yet.
So I don't understand how you had a record to send me anything but you didn't have a record of where it came from.
And the young woman was willing to go above and beyond for me.
And when I call back today all the (unclear) they said nothing was there.
The only thing that you could have done is to tell when to sooner maybe yesterday when I called for the first time.
Sometimes I have to wait quite awhile but today I didn't.
Because she's asks me all funny questions and I keep saying I want a representative and I want to know about referrals.
I had my volume up all the way but the volume on your end could be a little higher.
And so we had gotten used to go to this one club and they revoked our membership.
Quickly and I'm waiting for the woman to get back to me.
And I couldn't expect more from the person who assisted us.
I'm confused now on what I should do.
I'd tell you if I could come up with anything better.
This is the first time I've ever called and I got right now.
I was disappointed that it wasn't in there because I'm.
if she doesn't get back to me right away I can call her.
When I called to listen (unclear) my order because I didn't put (unclear) for that particular things.
I wish there was a (unclear) another question but I wanted to get that in there someplace.
I would've loved it if my problem could've been solved in one phone call but I understand the representative could not do that.
She should be in the position to train others.
They took a little long to get completed.
It's the previous calls that they couldn't help me.
Leslie was able to take care of it.
If they could pronounce it once or twice for somebody.
Answered all my questions as good as you can do.
I'm sorry I made a mistake.
I wish you could put that option in the very beginning of the call.
He knew exactly what I needed to know.
Yes this morning I called twice.
The fist time I called I don't know who I got but it.
And she certainly got me on the right track.
The initial menu when they ask you to answer questions and you do and it won't understand you it comes very frustrating.
Had to put me on hold a couple times.
She said she didn't know.
He solved everything for me.
Y'all had done everything that asked for today.
It's very difficult to navigate and I've never been successful at it.
And he deservies to get recognized for it.
And the woman said oh I'll answer your question and then it went straight to this survey.
They solved it right away.
Ms Sharon all I know is she is in Texas.
So I'm hoping to be able to leave points with both of them.
I think that would've been a better way to taught her how to do that.
Given me the answer I wanted.
Have a person that understood what I was talking about.
I wish you could have been a ten because that's what she did.
So that needs to be in the introductory letter and we could not find it there.
Finally got it to work.
I didn't have any problems it was fine the way it was.
No I'm I was satisfied with everything.
And then when they return it could be deactivated in much the same way.
So that was the only thing that bothered me that I would like to have been able to do.
They let me understand everything that was going on.
They asked me three times and couldn't understand nothing.
that they weren't in network and I needed to do something about it.
So I think on the question she could do that more complete.
Everything was the way it should be I don't really have any complaints.
I had to wait on hold for someone to answer.
I've never gotten a bill to begin with.
So but it took about 3 times for him to explain it to me I 'cause I couldn't understand him.
I think that my hold time but it was an emergency so I can't complain.
It was quick and efficient and I can't think of anything right now.
And they answered them fully.
That's the only problem that I had today.
So that's the reason I had to make this call today.
So I'd probably give you about a five on that.
But they did tell me they'd call me back on Tuesday.
She got everything done.
Beside from that all the answers I got were very confusing.
I can't think of anything but Courtney was very helpful.
I may have pressed the first question wrong but it was number 4.
And I appreciate your help in getting me online and getting it done.
Seemed to know everything I needed to find out.
Everybody was very (unclear) to transfer me from one to another to get me to the right person.
You could've put my call through.
So I think today's call was the correct answer.
Because she did take the time to really research it and look it up.
So I got what I needed.
That's the thing that you could do is get that website fixed as soon as possible.
In sending out your explanation if you could put down that mine would be UCLA.
That they had submitted it twice and they.
I claim they haven't delivered it to me.
Deandre I believe his name was.
she said she had to go and put somebody that was on hold and she'll be right back to me.
So I know it's all computer generated but somebody some time has got to look at it before sending (unclear).
And I called twice they couldn't answer for me.
I've got all the information that I need and it seems as if everything has been corrected.
I just had to wait you know several five minutes or so before the next person came on but that's fine.
My why I gave it a nine is because I thought I had already done this about two months ago.
You could have listened to me and not hung up on me.
I would never have made this change if I knew that it was going to be this difficult to do.
But we have to fill it out by paper.
I mean it was just made my day both of them.
They say they'll try to do this so still waiting.
Did no one go back in and review this and actually try it.
So instead if you want to punch ten you could punch in one zero instead of a single digit.
Whoever wrote this program should be fired.
The only thing was hard to hear the other person like they were cutting out and then finally it was bearable to hear.
And something need to be improved about that.
And he knew everything to tell me.
But the representative was able to handle it get it straightened out for us.
on what I asked (unclear) I'm still waiting.
Didn't have to go through a bunch of rigmarole.
Which I haven't received your statement yet.
They could slow down a little bit between questions on that.
He came on five different times and said I do not understand.
what you did.
she answered my questions and I have no suggestions on how to make it any better.
He almost sounded like he was in a tube so I believe it's not him.
The rest I told the representative what I was talking about.
I hope my complaint got recorded to (unclear).
Or the person could not have been more exquisite or professional and right on point to handle my situation.
She couldn't have done better than what she did.
Just I wasn't qualified for what I was looking for.
Eliminated the recording where I couldn't make them understand what I wanted.
I cannot think of one thing because she covered everything.
The only thing unfortunately I never got the renewal of.
All of the calls you have helped me with have been fabulous.
We had quite a wait but it worked out.
So any answers that I'm giving it is concerning the first person I spoke with.
I was on hold for a while but I understand why.
For my birthday I was punching in the oh one oh five nineteen forty-two but they never could get it right.
I was thinking I was ahead of my curve a little bit but I realize you have to stay within the date.
Johnny W went out of his way to be able to explain this to me.
But ten would be the highest remarkable number that I would rate her with.
It gets to be hard sometimes to get a ride different places.
I think the representative had me on hold a little longer than he needed to.
it seems to completely have satisfied my question.
A friend of my in said well if you got.
He tried to explain that yes I can have it for the $308.
It was a great opportunity to do business with you again.
