Also thank you for letting me part of your family.
As long and your people that work on these lines helping and (unclear) it's great.
So take care little sister and I'm glad to be part of your family.
And he just confirmed that I am gonna get some help from (unclear) great representative for your company.
The only issue that you can improve on is make it quicker and easier to make the payment.
I think that he should probably be training customer service representatives at every company in the country if the not the world.
So what it seems like is it might not be representative of the contact or managing those people who come into other's home under the name of United Healthcare.
I love United Healthcare and I speak well of you all the time.
To be honest I don't have thing I can tell you that you could've done better for me.
Well it's not anything I guess that you couldn't do that UHC couldn't do.
So it's really you know I'm not sure what you can do to you know increase the population of providers that accept the HMO insurance.
You should merge it all together because then you have a much more simplified version and the first person could've actually helped me find out what the situation of that was.
You better hold on to that girl she's a keeper.
I know you're busy but perhaps having more people to answer your calls.
I like the way you got it fixed up now where you don't have to do a lot of waiting on the phone but it's just right now.
I always have good communization with who I'm talking to from United Health.
And I'm thankful that we do have your insurance.
I wish we would have some doctors who are completely in the plan in the Nassau County area.
That you guys can't do it.
I've been wish you people for an awful long time and I see no reason to change.
You can't do anything more than what the lady told me.
But I really think they have a website too and she didn't think they did which is fine I'll call the number.
So like I said y'all keep doing good work.
I didn't like that automated system that you got.
Just appreciate what you've done already.
Okay I don't understand your survey.
Well I think some of these drugs that are very important probably should be covered but other than that that's my only.
I'm glad you took away that thing that they have to read.
But I'm sure he'll understand that and I will have to be with my husband and who lives in extended care now and to be able to do that and I will see him tonight and we'll take care of it and then it'll be a ten.
You really can't do anything better for me.
Too bad you can't clone her.
Your telephone answering service does not hear and respond clearly enough.
So that's the main thing have some good representatives that can really help you.
In other words your people did not know you know that's my problem.
I appreciate your service and all the other things that you do for me.
Just the over all drug costs are getting totally out of control.
I don't know if it's government pharmaceutical or what but we really need to reign in the prices.
You folks are doing a great job I'm so happy I have you as my insurer.
It'd be helpful for y'all to hire more people I believe.
You really don't need to do anything else you are already an excellent (unclear).
Well the only thing that I would've liked is more options in cholesterol lowering medicine.
Well he needs (unclear) done and I know that and can't get that done.
So we did but the person told us that we didn't really need to do that cuz it didn't matter which doctor we saw.
I guess the new website for UHC could be more defined.
Anyways let her have it on her.
I don't think your customer service can get any better.
You guys have wonderful people working for you.
And I just wanna tell you the people you have working for you are terrific.
And y'all better keep her and give her a raise.
It would be nice if you had a wider variety of dentists also.
to answer your customers because it just doesn't understand a lot of people like me.
Not with you all but other places they don't even.
they wish you hadn't called and I'll have to say that United Healthcare is exceptional.
So you guys are way on tip top shape.
Don't put me on hold and then come back and go well you can always go to xyz federal dot whatever.
well there's nothing you guys could do better because it's all in the hands of Medicare.
So we have to wait and see if Medicare does their job properly.
You people are super and wonderful to deal with.
So they said well then you have to call your the main number again and then they hang up.
You can't talk to a representative so I did it again and it they the same thing.
You don't find that type of customer service anymore and it was greatly appreciated.
They actually explained things to me even Social Security couldn't and they got it right every time.
Your ladies are very great with what they do.
I'm so glad you have them to help anybody.
So I'd appreciate if you don't send me stuff that doesn't need to be filled out.
Please tell her supervisor she's doing a great job.
And also to the people I don't know who uses you know I don't know the people that do it but whoever I could I would recommend this lady immensely.
If I take a lower dose you don't cover it which basically is harmful to me.
I'm not gonna recommend insurance to anybody.
You can't mess with perfection.
I just wish one of my med's was covered but you don't cover the (unclear).
Every time I call in for any whatever I call for you guys handle it very efficiently.
Actually the only thing I can think of is I'm gonna try and work on the mental health services.
Please write this up in the file that she is a number one employee and you should be glad she's part of your team.
Every time I call there the people that I talk to have all great personalities.
I think (unclear) people if they got to get online and get this whole thing changed sometime before they have to pay their bills (unclear).
You could have 2 representatives named Jackie who do just fine excellent job.
I appreciate (unclear) Clinic for being there for me.
I think your customer service line is excellent and off hand I can't think of anything that you would do that is better.
but you know mostly they just repeat back what's on your paper and so that's not always helpful.
now you're saying it's 5000 (unclear) so before you get out of this step you have to pay 2000 and whatever.
there are people there on the weekend that can assist me.
I am gonna make a appointment as soon as I hang up with you guys.
I feel like someone needs to go to congress for us to (unclear).
I appreciate the fact that I have it as part of my pension and I tell everybody how great it is.
Really I do not think of anything that wasn't answered by your wonderful agent.
Today I called 3 different people and the first 2 people that they answer they just didn't know anything what they are going to do or they just didn't have patience or one of them definitely she wasn't helping me.
So I hope that (unclear) can be able to access the people like Shannon not like the two others people that they answer me today.
And they just couldn't get them to understand and they tried their best and they're gonna get we're gonna get back together and we're going to work this out.
I still have to go through more practices for it to be resolved so but at least we're getting somewhere.
I guess this is impossible but I mean the service representative was more than helpful but it would just be so nice and I guess you all don't know either the costs of like an MRI but from what she said it's.
they can't tell me how much I'm going to have to pay other than 20%.
I'm just waiting to get my medicine and I really appreciate that.
I don't think there is one thing.
I do not understand why there doesn't seem to be a correct answer as to why I'm not on your system.
You get me to the right department without going through with so many people.
Yes the only thing you can do better is when you call to get a person instead of going through the machine.
It is possible to be friendly and professional too you know like some people like say Comcast they don't know that that kind of thing.
But we rarely have to talk call you guys about anything but whenever we do the people are just wonderful the service is wonderful.
All you people have been so wonderful.
That's why we bought this policy and now where we live in New York we don't have in network coverage.
People like him that make me stay with you guys.
So I hope they don't think that is a 1.
(Unclear) explain you know thoroughly and that's what they did.
I don't know but your automatic calling I guess.
So I wish they would take care of the non providers and in providers and get this taken care of better.
So I know all your people (unclear) at UHC and may God bless both of you.
Actually just you have wonderful people working there.
So every time I call they be real nice people (unclear) to you and everything explaining stuff to you and everything they (unclear) real nice every time I call.
I think it will be very good idea to keep the payment method and account numbers on file so we don't have to keep repeating every time we call.
It still yet you haven't been able to take it automatically out of Social Security but hopefully she's got it taken care of this time.
Sorry that's the best I can do.
And to see how they United Healthcare can help me.
Sometimes I can't understand the people and sometimes they just screw things up.
And I don't know if they're really United Healthcare and why they keep calling.
So you might look into it and see who they are that keeps calling here.
So please please have them I'm going to call back tomorrow to talk to somebody else.
we'll actually lose money if we had it combined.
(Unclear) it shouldn't be because I speak the language but some people they don't and they are transferred automatically to English and there are a lot of complaints about that.
You all could've given the information (unclear) that you all didn't have (unclear) and I (unclear) for that.
Seems like the doctor's office staff needs to be trained that since they lack common sense and saying oh it didn't.
So take care of yourself my little sister and also big brother will be watching over you sister.
I think you have the best customer service I've ever experienced.
I think you guys are going a great job.
And the thing that frustrates me the most when I call is I can't understand some of your foreign employees.
Maybe you have a new thing.
It just says that you've made an error in your system and we can charge co pays.
So keep doing what you're doing.
Your representatives are always concise professional and do give me all the information.
No the gentleman that took care of me he did all that customer service could do.
You ask a question and they give stock answers and that just gets to be confusing after a while.
(unclear) the fact you pay for nothing.
You have so many new (unclear) to your plans I don't expect I don't understand how you expect insurance to understand what they're paying for.
Instead of doing when y'all you know when y'all do it.
It should be done when we get our physical or when we get our mammogram or when we do our thing.
But we are going to have to revisit probably not staying with you or at least if it's up to me we won't be staying with you.
Take care of Sheila because you got a good one there.
Your probably one of the finest companies that I've ever worked with and I do appreciate all you do for me.
I really enjoy having insurance with y'all and everything.
I'm just hoping that it works that we're gonna be able to keep the heart doctor for my husband.
Maximus oh you do not need to call us.
On this one (unclear) you know (unclear) on my hospital and we (unclear) anything.
Maybe speed up the waiting time when you know trying to make a call sometimes it take a you know a long time and otherwise everything is okay.
And I think you're lucky to have her working for you.
It was just wonderful you know my whole concept of health care is.
Some of us older people don't hear that well and we need to have them talk slower.
I don't know how you handle this stuff (unclear).
Okay they could have take your hospital number and call them and they would know exactly what they'd have to do instead of (unclear) did to do that.
I'm not sure you could do anything better for me my answers just didn't cover my needs but that's not your fault.
though I actually hate voice mail I appreciate that your voice mail is a nice slower cadence allowing time to understand the words and I appreciate that your representatives speak the same way.
So just a little heads up but I know numbers for hospitals and doctor's offices sometimes change.
your clients more wonderful people nicer lady's like the one I just had.
I speak very clearly like his number is 907 you know and go that way 123 but I you know I try to speak it clearly.
I thank y'all for that.
So I find that it's kind of scary sometimes to deal with you guys.
So I think you're doing a very good job and if it's not broken don't fix it.
You guys are doing real good for me.
It looks like you guys are doing a really good job.
There's just too many what can I help you with that don't fulfil certain slots.
They are wonderful just like you all are.
I didn't want the answer I got but that wasn't the representative's fault.
They just need to understand a little bit better what the patient is looking for.
They do the good job and they do find the people you need and answer the question that you need.
But it's just the communications between the doctors and the health hare and the provider that I don't know that's really great.
It was so refreshing to speak to someone that doesn't sound like they're in a bad mood or that they hate their job.
I'm sorry I don't have a cell phone.
well especially older people sometimes we don't have cell phones.
I don't appreciate what's going on in your regular pharmaceutical customer service is a horrible experience.
Now I'm going to call Social Security like y'all said and see if I can get help through them but otherwise everything's alright.
As a person that's 88 pushing 89 years old it would be to the advantage of United Healthcare if we could get some help paying for the new shots that are out for having that.
oh that bad that you can get from your chicken pox.
I just hope that the executives would look into this and see how many people like myself are asking neighbors and wondering why they wouldn't get this shot that you'd.
I don't care how old you are or how young you are.
I don't know if she's just having a bad day or she's new maybe and needs more training.
No it was good perfect I can't think of anything that could improve and keep up the good work thank you.
But I still have a little bit of problem understanding the issue on the prices of this medication.
I'm just sad that I can't get the coverage I need to have over the counter but that's not the representative's fault.
I'm happy with everything that you guys do for us.
I sometimes have a little problem with understanding because sometimes the representatives talk very softly.
You could've had some one answer the God d*** phone.
So that's the only thing I can think of and I'm not sure that that's something that UHC can do.
I don't need that with your company either.
But if I get that with you guys you'll be fired also.
You could have your systems work better so that customer service agent wasn't interrupted by this stupid survey.
I think you need to get her a raise that's a good one.
it's too bad we have to go through it every year.
You took the time to do some research and find things out for me.
Actually the only thing you could do better is get your website to work better.
So please in the future maybe (unclear) make a suggestion in not allowing to speak the number or hear the number.
I was switched around but my last 2 gentlemen that I spoke to really deserve a raise because the other people either were.
So you know give her an orchid or whatever you're supposed to do for that.
You the person that I talked to every time we call we never have a problem.
I think that's crazy and I wish the insurance companies can do something about the crazy California legislatures.
The one thing would be to somehow get control of these medication so that they are not so expensive when they appear to be life saving.
Because we know what to expect they they're not gonna wanna participate with this plan.
But it's ridiculous to wait five minutes and never have the person you've given all your information to never come back.
Well y'all have done everything except I'm looking for an additional medical tablet and you didn't have it.
So she's an asset to your company and you should give her a raise thank you.
Helpful diligent knowledgeable you name it they had it.
Well I live in the wrong county but I ain't gonna move.
Y'all have really helped me a whole lot in the service so I don't have any other comments.
Actually I'm very happy with your company and when I call they answer my questions.
So there isn't really I can expect more out of you.
Everything's great don't need to do anything else.
I like the fact that they offered to connect you with a real person immediately.
So somebody needs to get on their feet and get out there and get some doctors found up in that area.
I can't give you any more than what you've already done.
You took care of things wonderfully.
Have no problem with her just I don't know if the situation is resolved.
You take care of yourself and also to the.
Take care of your self Mary dear and now I'll be speaking to you soon.
It's just interesting to know that Tetanus shots aren't covered not by United but by I guess Medicare.
I know I left it but I came right back because I see that there's no other insurance like it so thank you.
I love how you train how you.
I love the people that you hire and the people that you train.
could have better communication with your customer service people but you hire wonderful people and thank you.
Hello? My phones mess up sometime I don't know what's wrong with this thing.
That computer that answers the phone doesn't always understand what you're telling it.
my former employer and see if we can't get it all straightened out.
You know she is a shining example of what customer service should be.
Actually I can't think of any way you can approve or improve I'm sorry.
I feel you're always checking on your employees.
it's going to save me some money.
I can't think of anything that I can say that I'd move to another state from Denver to Las Vegas and Las Vegas has been very difficult to get in place the services that you need.
Really I don't think there's anything more anybody could've done it was excellent service I have no complaint.
This is (unclear) to the issues when I call in and I talk to different people and they tell me different things.
They keep calling me and they keep texting me saying if you don't call us you know and it feels like a threat to me if you don't call us then we're going to.
You have great people that work for you.
There's nothing you could've done based on what the insurance is which I think is deplorable but whatever.
You guys really don't have to do anything better because you do the best you can and I've never really had any problem with Optum Rx.
So just continue doing what you're doing.
you guys do is right on time.
is that I really don't expect you know a lot of small talk when I'm calling.
I know there are others waiting and everybody's time is valuable.
You did a great job for (unclear).
I just need to talk to technical support with new website you guys put it on.
tell people about UHC already and I (unclear) don't have it they ought to call you.
You guys did great I mean it is.
That would help all of us old folks.
However I just thought I'd tell you that these doctors here (unclear) high risk and that's not what I'm looking for.
So no (unclear) at all thank you for your help.
I know there's a lot of people who do get their checks (unclear) the 3rd.
So I'm so grateful for UHC and y'all just are the best.
I'm glad she's doing find so take care of yourself and also take care of your other members and also thank you for allowing me be part of your family and also just please take care of your family as well.
I spoke to such a wonderful young man and my reason for my call was to find out if you people sanction any of those life alert those gadgets you wear around your neck when you live alone especially in a 2 story house like I do.
I mean it's just nice.
We gotta remember that all people younger people probably especially just don't care for the elder generation but I've always been satisfied with your customer service.
The management staff standing behind the programmers need to back off and let the programmers do their job.
Obviously you're allowing to do the testing of this new health plan save thing.
Also to everybody in the Philippines take care Marissa and also have yourself a happy and healthier baby.
I don't want over (unclear) efforts to be polite and I do not want to be called Mr Charles (unclear) a more business like manner would be appreciated.
The one thing that I think you could improve on is getting a person to another person if he needs that to talk to someone that's live.
You guys took care of everything.
get some more people like her I guess.
You have wonderful people that work for this company this insurance company and they are always the best.
So it's very you know upsetting that it costing me money every time I go see them and I've seen them all these years and I don't want to go no place else.
I hope the situation can be improved in the future.
Well this is (unclear) and I have never had any problems when I call if I need something so all the people you have there are very efficient very nice and I don't have any complaints.
It's just the people here that are not doing what they're suppose to.
I thank God everyday for UHC.
therapy and you guys are just playing around.
It's as if you guys know that and you know you just do whatever.
How is that possible and then they keep hanging up it's so unprofessional and they seem like they know they can get away with it so they choose to do whatever it is that they want it's so unfair my name is (Unclear) Vasquez I am-.
I was extremely happy with the representative and I don't think there's anything that you could do better as far as that is concerned but like everybody I'd like to see the cost of drugs come down.
95 to 53 dollars and it just makes no sense to me when that's the purpose of Medicare.
And you know she's actually one of the reasons why I so much love the AARP you know Medicare Complete you know coverage.
I didn't get his name but we're senior citizens and he made it clear and simple.
You want me to tell now? The gentleman that answered the phone did a very good job.
And it's nice to get people like that.
Believe me there's ones you have to drag everything out of them.
Tell all the people there to have a nice day.
It's people like that that keep me with UHC.
No she didn't have that right now so I don't think that's a very good answer.
You either have it or you don't or your too lazy to look for it.
I don't know so anyway that's my comment.
I actually have no suggestions for how you could've served my situation better.
You could keep doing what you've been doing for years.
You show me and you tell me everything.
It's really boring to hear when they're one to ten you know it's obvious that's what you wanna do.
They're not in your services anymore so I don't think you guy's fault.
I really don't have a comment because I've never used your department but I'll please I'll (unclear) done the survey later.
I guess it's very confusing and it's probably not you it's probably government or Medicare or whatever but it's so hard to find the facility is covered.
You know some of the other things the Silver Sneakers and that kind of thing I have no problem at all.
And I'm not I don't have a problem with them not paying for my glasses as well I don't you know it's not a big deal.
One less United you know I'm staying with you because I like what you provide for me.
How can you do better when you're number ten.
In trying to get well when you find a doctor that can help you.
I think y'all are just doing it great.
this is the first survey or second survey maybe I've been able to give you guys credit on.
I think it's great that you guys do what you do.
You can't just drop it in my mailbox so other than that the people were wonderful.
And the computer didn't work either for a while so I don't know what to tell you on that.
The only thing you could do better is get your receptionist that's on recording to be a little more I don't know she's just nasty and maybe I am too because I don't like having someone say to me what is your prescription number.
Hold on I'll get it you can get it.
I love everyone of them 'cause they out there really doing their job serving and I wish try get a good pay a good raise.
You don't ever fail me that's for sure.
So at this point it's like a little miracle given how bad the whole insurance and healthcare situation is in America so I thank you.
Yeah you guys have a problem with the voice activation.
It's like hello and the thing doesn't understand hello? It's like a voice recognization system and it's a very bad problem.
sh off at you people and I wish you would do something about it.
so I think all those (unclear) trying to say is they got.
they know that it'll be covered.
Sometimes when you get a bill you just be trying to find out where it goes to and I still haven't learned nothing.
sometimes I have problems with some of the agents but a supervisor will come on and then manager and then they do their best to try to help me and that's what happened today.
and that's the way it usually turns out but they really do try and if they can't do something it's just beyond their means I guess but I was very happy with today's help.
You have a policy change of policy and you cannot talk to somebody who is in a nursing home and unable to understand anything.
Oh I want to give a kudo to (Unclear).
You guys did I'm totally satisfied with the service you provided.
This is here your big brother from West Virginia and also your best friend from West Virginia to say take care of your family well.
Oh just be a little more informative on things we need at our age.
I if you have some sort of a mechanism built into the thing to kind of deal with those kind of issues and that would be helpful.
It's so helpful and we need it.
But I know that's kind of hard if somebody changes you know that they don't accept the insurance anymore.
You guys keep transferring me to the wrong department.
I guess the only thing I could say if you have to we have to go to the doctor go to the doctor for us so we don't have to go.
I think going through having to have a pre authorization really does not help me.
See to it that I have some (unclear) about my health care.
And it's my mind to more at ease to have everything taken care of.
Nothing is showing up in the column that United Healthcare is supposed to be paying.
People call me (unclear) that doctor's no longer here.
Somebody needs to talk to the under links and get them to straighten up and fly right.
It would be very helpful especially when you're trying to talk with the doctor about going over everything with them.
Better for people who are the trustee of a state and you don't have the numbers to cancel the policies for the plaintiff you're representing.
the only thing you can do is make the my co pays go down.
It's really disgusting to try to call and talk to an automated machine and you have to keep saying the same thing and the same date and they come back with another answer with another response and you cannot you know make them understand the real thing that is very frustrating.
Why do I have to talk to someone in Philippine when people in United States have no job.
But I'm wondering why the young people here they don't have job and I have to talk to someone in Philippine thank you.
If you keep up this level of service all will be very good thank you.
This goes out to all everybody in the Manilla and the Philippines and the Filipinos I'm also glad to have a little sister her name is Joyce and also (unclear) take care like I said take care of yourself darling.
If all of our people that we work with my wife is on an automatic withdrawal from you that it if everybody did it that well we wouldn't have to have a phone.
more people should be like her.
I don't know where he's from or whatever but yeah he did a really good job.
You don't need any improvement when you have an employee like him.
And also please watch over her and take care of her.
Truthfully I honestly don't know but I would like to say that every conversation in every contact I've had with your company and your associates has never left me wanting for you know better services.
They can't please it's pease and they hang you on on the line forever so that would be my suggestion and as I said the people from North Carolina are always prompt and on time.
I can tell one of their firms by the way they provide person thank you.
I think (unclear) because your customer service was fantastic.
I know there's books ad things but it's better to hear it right from the source as well and the system this isn't working.
I like UHC and it's just this.
So that's the only thing I have to comment on that you people need to tell him that it's not like a physical or anything like that it's just a series of questions thank you.
My dentist said that you guys do not pay well.
Your very helpful today I can't think of anything.
Hope you make a note of that thank you.
The only problem I had is the system the government but y'all can't do anything about that given it's (unclear) people that (unclear) anything (unclear) good.
I'm sure you call me about everything else except for what my real needs are.
Nothing exactly but you can help get out my doctor onto your plan.
I pay for insurance and you there's not much that you cover.
You've gotta be nuts why would you do that.
Maybe took more action or more in detail with child care and people (unclear) situation that have kids and want to come to a class on healthy living and they want to bring their kids and their grand kids and stuff have a special place in the play room so someone can watch them so they can go.
You need more people like her and a compliment to the company for hiring a quality person such as her.
Your representative said somebody screwed up so that's my question you know so he is.
They did what I wanted to do to change the doctor so I don't know if nothing else could've done for me I guess.
It's just that I think this country needs a National Healthcare System.
So I think you work on the computer system thank you.
It's okay but no I'm (unclear) concerned guess I have to call the billing department for me (unclear) and see what they have to say again.
So my answer is yes I do have to get another one but that's understandable.
you need to fix that so other than that everything's fine.
Some of the location that I go to try to use my insurance by running around and asking me to come over and over and that's not right.
That is the only thing wrong with the people you have in the system.
There's things that if I had known it's really for well patients but God help you if you get sick I'm terrified to think about that 2 hundred dollars a day.
I think that when they're signing you up they should tell you all those things that you're gonna have to pay for.
I don't think you could've done anything better because it was the hospital that wasn't billing right but we hopefully resolved it today so thank you bye.
That's what you could've done better by just letting me ask my question or get some help.
I really appreciate the caring service of UHC and I hope to be affiliated with you for a long time.
You all have a great day bye bye.
I really like that you know and (unclear) try to give answers try to help me (unclear) you know.
(Unclear) I really don't have anything else to add to the survey thank you goodbye.
Well the one thing that you could do better for me is help the OSF Healthcare because I think they're billing system is all screwed up.
But if I can't deal with this I'm gonna have to do something else.
They're the ones who make a determination that the Medicare Rex agent couldn't do.
Hire more representatives like the lady I talked to named Katie from Waco Texas hire more of her.
You gotta have feelings you know when they talk to us to sick people and stuff it really shows that's what better is that it's.
It's like (unclear) oh it's a business don't (unclear) a person this is business.
You know what I mean it's just I like to keep it a little bit you know discuss with them and they understand more but you got to watch out because you can get us people (unclear) sick people sometimes and get diarrhea of the mouth.
And just keep talking and never shut up to these people and everybody says oh they need some to listen to them.
It's not that you just I don't I like the way they treat you know they.
I think your employees courtesy are good people that's all.
You say yes and it's not there.
So hopefully you can figure out some way of making the information more definite and I don't know how you would go about that.
But I don't understand why the hospital would charge us if you're going to reimburse us anyway? That doesn't make any sense.
And maybe you can figure out how to do this so that patients don't have to do this.
SO I hope this time we get it straight.
We do occasionally get calls from you for one reason or another for.
Mark from your 800 number spent so much time and he's really trying to resolve this problem.
Believe me when you're old you're always calling an 800 number and it's good to get some place where they really care.
It'd be nice to know some that (unclear).
But the insurance is (unclear) I don't like it.
One thing you could do better is don't change a thing.
Just my advice is don't change a thing (unclear) perfect.
I don't know why that lady could've provide me anything.
When you're putting images up if someone is supposed to verify or make some kind of choice on.
if and when they will ever get back to me.
take care Miss Kimberly from Manila and also take care of yourself and plus and take care of your children.
And it lists potential lab work and possible screenings so which rewards are given and I just got the impression that any time you have these you can be rewarded and come to find out that's not the case.
So you need to do something with your teleprompter to get that to work better.
Well my name is (unclear) and there is nothing more that you can do because you do everything and AARP as I've always said in the past is an absolute wonderful company the customer service wonderful.
So all of you have a wonderful day bye.
And I really think the education would have been a lot better for her to have on the UHC policies.
That people do not know what.
they don't know what they're talking about.
So that you know I could maybe substitute a different product (unclear) you know less expensive product.
Well I can't think of anything right off hand (unclear) tell you what you could've done better for me.
And go with you guys.
Keep good employees like the one that just helped me.
So I can't even think of anything better except that maybe we should have a tea party.
Can you please improve your customer service representatives or train them in a way that they understand what they have to look for.
First of all I want to let you know I don't know Katelyn's last name but she is a true asset to UHC as far as I'm concerned.
And like I said and also take care of your family.
And you gotta slow down specially for old farts like me thank you.
And also it's good to hear your voice little sister take care of yourself this is your big brother from West Virginia speaking so take care now.
I know that I'm on a government phone so I don't have the best phone you're in Arkansas I'm in California so you know anything could've happened.
Also take care and also stay in good health my little sister Odessa and take care of yourself and like I said try not to do very much of anything today darling.
You take care and let me.
also you could have done a better way all the way around because I need a new card and you guys just that's it.
Also this goes to all of Manilla Phillipeno's Pillipena's and Philippines and also thank you for allowing me being your family.
I can not say enough about this young lady's professionalism courteously knowledge.
This is Georgia Brown speaking and I just don't understand why we keep getting all these denials for payments on the bills that eventually do get paid and the money and the time and the postage that you guys are wasting.
You've got a great company and you help people like me who don't have anything.
So thank you Pete and please give him credit.
Take care of the Filipinos Filipinos and also the Philippines and also to my last advocate.
You take care of yourself and be safe yourself darling and also be be talking to you soon.
You take care of yourself and this goes out to Anna.
Okay this is to anyone in Manilla and the Philippines also to Ivy and to Alan and also River take care of yourselves down there in Manilla and also be seeing you soon.
I still can't get onto the website and so I don't know what I'm gonna do in the future.
You did a fine job ma'am.
Sometimes the agents talk a little fast and older people have hearing problems and don't quite hear them correctly.
She's worth every penny you pay her and more.
That would help a lot too for people that you know are going to weddings and funerals and step out of state.
It's nothing better you could've done if you didn't have what I need you (unclear) before I could get what I need and I appreciate that.
Hello this is your big brother from West Virginia and also (unclear) best friend from West Virginia and complete take care of yourself.
Not associated with this call just overall the one thing that you can do better is to try to keep your premiums from going up so high every year.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia saying to my little sister from Manilla to all everybody from Manilla all Philippines Filipinas and you take care of yourself and take care of my little sister from Manilla.
And so you have a good representative and he's great.
Yeah I think everything is okay I don't think that it can be improved you know it's very fast and so no I don't have anything to add to it thank you.
Your website is really very poor to get into.
I think the one thing that could have been done better is everybody needs to know that all IPAs are different.
And even though UHC does cover certain things and doesn't cover other things.
The only thing you could do better is shorten the wait online.
Also take care of yourself take care of your husband and also keep on giving (unclear) darling.
When you trying call in put them on the waiting list a little to long.
And if she don't get paid (unclear) you know but she has my records.
So I think something needs to be done about this to make it you know a little bit easier to say well you know my husband didn't plan (unclear) so what cardiologists can he use or who can he see if (unclear).
If this works out and everything transpires the way I want it you could do nothing better for me okay.
I appreciate the service you're giving me and I don't think of anything that could improve.
Make the letter notice of denial a little more plan for regular people so I know not to get scared about something that I shouldn't be getting scared about.
You know when you're retired and on a fixed income that always scares you.
I have no issues to report so thanks to UHC.
Look like they should have touch back base with me to let me know they still working on it or what's going on with the situation that they were supposed to have been taking care of.
Please don't do anything I like it just as it is.
You all do a good job period.
It is (unclear) substance and when you need your medication you need it.
I don't see any room for improvement they did a great job.
(Unclear) hard time with is the free things that you can order.
I don't see where it could get any better I never have a problem with anyone when I call and I love the insurance.
I can't think of anything and I've had excellent service from you folks down there.
So if all y'all employees are like her you all have a good staff.
I think it should be $105 for each because a lot of seniors don't wear contact lenses.
I can not and I don't think it's fair that I only get $70 every two years to go towards a pair of frames and lenses which we all know is gonna 2-$300.
You guys always help me whenever I need you guys so I appreciate.
Just do what you're doing.
I don't know maybe get a human on the phone a little bit quicker.
The only thing you could've done better is to have insurance for root canal and you don't for my plan.
It is way too hard to find anyone that accepts your HMO plan and I've been told that that's because you don't pay well.
I don't know what you could've done better except that when we were going in our agent didn't tell us what we should know.
You all do a very good job as it is.
She said if you can get another bill from them from (unclear) she could call us back let us know we'll run it through again.
Actually being able to do anything about something that you can't do anything about and I couldn't do anything about but that's not on you guys.
Give enough time to care for your patients and try to help them resolve their issue at that time in moment and not say I'm sorry ma'am.
And she was most helpful of any representative I've gotten from various insurance companies even you know.
Very business like and I have no qualms at all.
I never have you have been more than helpful to me UHC I tell everybody go to you.
That you check and see what our injuries or conditions are as to whether we really need certain types of help.
Not make me go through so many press this option buttons.
This lady is I don't know her.
She's gosh she's learned her way to go UHC (unclear) but this lady knows her business.
The person is out to lunch so he's gonna call me back and we're gonna go on another three way call to get the problem solved.
Either people are not versed in these type of problems or they need more training.
They know that the person isn't in network yet.
Either the people have to be trained right.
Either it's happening in claims or I don't know what's happening but I don't think anybody should have to hold on the phone for hours either while it's being corrected.
I'm living on a fixed income and (unclear) I don't have the money to be paying (unclear).
She's wonderful and if everyone else who works there is as good as Will then I (unclear) to have United Healthcare being involved in our healthcare system.
The one thing you could do better in your customer service is to educate your online.
I usually know more than they do and it's not because I'm a smart (unclear) cuz I sell the product and they don't know about if the if the (unclear) charge is 15 and y'all charge 80 I don't have to pay the difference.
There's just all kinds of things that people are not trained for.
Maybe take some of that bonus that your executives are getting and put it in to training is what y'all need.
the thing you could've done better for me is be more proactive of the pricing structure of some of these pharmaceutical and I don't mean with the pharmaceutical companies.
This is appalling and if the insurance companies don't take an active part in telling these people that are making the money by doing nothing to stop it the legislature is going to get involved and right now we're very active calling on our elective officials to put a stop to this and I'd hate to see the insurance companies especially those dealing with Rx to get a big slap on the hand.
But you know that's where they're gonna go.
So if you don't cut out these middle men that are doing nothing and making the cost of life saving medications be (unclear) costly.
So what you can do is you can get as active with your political people as we're gonna be with our political people.
Because the first ones that are gonna get slammed are th insurance-.
I don't know enough about it to know that you could've done better thank you.
Yes we just didn't know it's going to be a reimbursement possibly reimbursement on a charge and we have to wait 30 to 60 days and so we don't know if this issue that we called about is going to be resolved or not thank you.
I don't know how you can correct it because the (unclear) new patients.
I don't think it's your fault.
I just don't know what to say because it's I'm very confused about the whole medical system so that's all I can say.
And I really appreciate talking with somebody like that instead of somebody just you know rushing me off the phone.
So I guess a clarity on the benefits would help thank you.
It's not something you could have done better it's just that it wasn't completely taken care of just because we have more steps to do but it's all good it will happen thank you.
With that being said I don't think you guys are lacking in anything.
You guys are really doing a great job.
somehow if you could speed up that process it would simplify things.
I don't know what else you could do just keep up the good work.
It's about my eye glasses I really don't know if the eye glasses with the lens that protect you from UV rays I don't know if that's covered the agent and I both didn't know the term for that.
You probably had to cut down a tree just to print all the paper you sent me and I'm a little disappointed that someone didn't have enough common sense in your claims department to look at the whole claim.
And thank y'all for allowing me to stay with you.
I would appreciate it if you guys (unclear) it was fine.
You guys are well anyway I don't want to use any more bad words.
I don't think you have to worry about anything to improve on this type of call here.
I am sick and (unclear) of standard (unclear) from this ridiculous insurance company.
You are you guys are the best amazing people ever.
Your people UHC didn't know.
It would be nice if your policies for the flexibility of scheduling were aligned with theirs or the other way around rather than I gotta cope with differences and further more gotta call it in and wait before I even get told about them.
It's just a drug that wasn't covered under y'alls plan that I need.
And is taking care of my situation so thank you so much.
Thank you so much and I hope other people will get UHC too.
Well I just want to say that person's name Steven who it's a call center is wonderful.
You guys seem to not be getting it right.
And I will take care of that $10 fee and we'll be all done with this.
the one thing you could have done better was to put (unclear) or in network or out of network.
Your people need to be better to claim to knowing about drugs.
they're not pharmacists so they don't understand the information.
It doesn't seem to recognize basic responses to the queries that you have.
I'll fish around someplace else and see what I can do but thank you anyway.
we're just going to have to search and see what the answer is but I thank you very much.
I should hear back from you guys in about 3 days for a resolution to my problem.
now I can't even get it out but whatever.
I don't understand why you don't have more doctors-.
So I just wanna make sure that this doesn't happen again.
So (unclear) you would have more people like her it would be so helpful (unclear) take care of a person that (unclear) sixty five.
'Cause I wanted her to check how much my co pay would be and she couldn't even pronounce (unclear) or (unclear) so they just need to be educated a little bit more.
I love you bye.
I was shaken down for cash and I would say this way somewhere some place you should put out all of your newsletters to your employees (unclear) not it's the ten commandments not the ten challenges and the idea is that every one of your employees should write a letter to Santa Claus (unclear) conscience.
That would make your company (unclear) honest company if you could get some people who could be acting in such a way.
And I think that is unconscionable and I think only the worst cheats in the entire world you're the big bad company (unclear) fifty five (unclear) dollars a year stealing from the public (unclear) such a manner.
But then again too if you make that much money and you're not gonna go to jail (unclear) that particular agency I owe (unclear) if it ain't broke fix it they haven't taken me away yet.
Number one you could change your when you call in your system is so picky.
The experience with your people that help us is great but your answering service sucks it just you gotta keep on and keep on and make sure nobody in the room even breaths.
Well probably not have this coverage that.
But that'll help thank you so much.
Oh I'm happy to be (unclear) health care.
Your people struggle with it and the next doctor that you're supposed to see struggles with it.
It's good that you keep up with our addresses that we keep everything straight.
I don't understand why it's taking so long to get to me.
I don't know if you call them advocates or what you call them but anyway representative.
You know but I think that's something that you should add to the policy that you know people should get out and exercise and (unclear) should support that.
I will not (unclear) someone (unclear) wonderful.
There isn't anything you can do better because I'm sure you can't put everyone with a person but this has been very good.
The one thing you could have done better was to bring the price down but I understand why you can't.
It would be better if we had socialized medicine in this country.
What United Healthcare could do in that department I have no idea so it's not really up to United Healthcare so much I guess.
Have a better voicemail tree one that works thank you bye.
You answered my questions exactly what I asked and (unclear) so there is not a better way to do it you did it the best way.
Well the only thing I get frustrated with is all the automation and having to go through so many channels to get to where you want to be.
Honestly this is not to tell you what you could've done better.
And your you know the people who get you on the phone and help you walk through whatever the issue is they're very good.
I was hoping I could get a fitness facility in the Scotch Plains area so that you guys don't have that YMCA in the Scotch Plains area available.
Your receptionist and my questions or my short memory you guys are outstanding and you keep having the fantastic workers that you have.
I really appreciate everything you guys are doing and if I know that in the future if I have any questions I really except that I can get some good answers.
I still don't know what my benefits are I don't even have all the numbers for what apparently I need.
I don't know of anything except giving you the information to talk to my daughter so that's one good thing.
You know you guys have a very good simple service.
If you all could please help to resolve that I'd be appreciated thank you bye bye.
And think you guys doing a good job.
So he is an asset another asset to your company and another reason why I probably stay with UHC so thank you.
I think you are United Healthcare is just good.
At this particular time I really can't give an honest answer to that because I do not fully understand why Dr Jackson was not paid anything and I can't see how he has file things and yet (unclear) that you haven't received that kind of information so now I've got to call him and see what's happening.
I just was trying to find out how much things cost but it's so I have some idea now but not completely but better than before so thank you.
I just don't know how you register a ten so I (unclear) a nine.
I bless all of you.
Because God will take care of all of us.
Maybe set your recording to understand what we want.
I don't have I thought she's done a great job.
You don't need nothing that you.
Hi I don't know that Maddie.
The only thing that I can think of that could have been done better and perhaps this is not a part of your (unclear) but I would've liked to have known a little bit more than just that the physician is a family physician.
It's only when somebody is kind enough to give you a supervisor another level.
I don't think you could've made it faster but other than that I don't think you could improve it other than making it quicker.
It would be good to I know there are a lot of different policies but it'd be good to try and make sure all the representatives are up (unclear) the different policies.
I keep getting letters from you guys which are wrong.
So I mean somebody's got to find some busy work and send out letters that don't make any sense and it does take time to track all this stuff down.
Well I think my insurance could pay you better but that's it.
Provided good connection so that I can hear what your agent is saying.
So I feel pretty deceived right now and somebody needs to work on that doctor issue and they should not be giving reasonably helping people out doctors that do home bound in care only and it seems like there's a confusion and mix ups in the healthcare here.
That's the number one problem is you people say that you're going to do something but you don't do it.
Yes I really need to talk someone in the know about this question of medication that I have.
So it's somebody that knows some information on (unclear) one the knee injections could give us a call back it'd be much appreciated thank you.
And mentioned if we needed (unclear) that would be available so you guys are great.
And I appreciate you all hiring folks like him to serve folks like me.
So the hospital is the one that needs to be held responsible for answering our questions.
So you should be very happy that you have someone like John on your team.
Just you know give me a call and say hey we just had to send it back through processing and we're working on it.
They're the ones that I have so many problems on.
Just I don't know what you guys have gotta do but you gotta do something.
Thank your agents for helping me as much as they have.
She was very nice and but what I'm not happy about is this lab place when you go they make you agree to pay for the lab work that the insurance does not.
Well they know will know my insurance and what it covers and I'm not happy at all about having to do that.
It's either agree to pay if you don't or don't have lab work done and I'm not happy with either one of those choices.
Your operators they seem to talk on and on and on and when they're not answering your question they.
Somehow let us know what we owe the insurance.
you guys ought to be transparent and not two different companies.
Keep doing what you are doing.
But you know that's the only thing.
So I would say you're doing 100% right.
Make it plain to your seniors that don't have computers or don't know how to use them that the number is available.
So the you all are doing a great job.
He's gonna submit it again and we'll see what happens.
Tell them not to call me when I'm driving because I'm like the taxi for my grandchildren 'cause my son works my daughter's a nurse and my grandson's daddy works out of town a lot of times but thank God today he is going to pick up my grandson.
Okay get off the line and let me on.
So whatever you do make sure that the 2 people that helped me today 5 of 8 2018 that they all get the best possible reviews because they helped me very much.
One thing you could've done better never start these promotional phone calls.
Keep hiring people that are that good to work with for those that use UHC.
I don't know if it's how your computer is.
Yeah when the questionnaire comes on it said (unclear) you know for giving your feedback.
Well I can't really think of anything right now but overall I guess you know lower the price of insurance really low but other than that a few (unclear) insurance.
I don't know what the problem is.
Give her a raise so she stays with you guys because you guys need her.
I just I appreciate your help so much and getting this a pill that would be nice.
So Carl and UHC did a great job.
I just you know spinning wheels and couldn't.
Train your people better on how to look things up.
And for some reason you guys can't put that in.
I don't think they need any kind of you know correcting or anything.
to me he's an asset to the department and I think I would use him and refer him to someone else as well.
You guys really need to work on your customer service.
It's such a pleasure to reach someone at the customer service level without having to go through multiple automated menus so I think you guys are doing a great job so thanks very much.
I don't know what they're doing now.
I don't think there was anything that you can do that is better for me right now just continue to do the current job you're doing.
Well I'm going to say not a thing because this is the best health insurance company I've ever been with and I plan to be with this company forever well maybe not forever until I'm 6 foot anyway.
But yeah you guys are the greatest.
It might be Social Security but no he was more than helpful he tried to help but this is not a problem on your side.
You did a great job taking care of your my request.
So that we're calling we can talk to real people because you can't understand the d*** thing anyway.
Yes there should be an option to get away from the talking robot to where you can go to a human being to ask a question since the robot doesn't know the right question and can't think for itself but there's no option there.
I'd appreciate if you'd put that in your program.
So once again make sure that you congratulate her on such a-.
So I am completely satisfied with the insurance that the retired teachers of Kentucky are on.
Continue to do the (unclear) that you've done.
I have never had anything but excellent service from these ladies that take care of us.
And try to find out why it happened like it did and get back to the providers.
I don't if you could've done anything better for me insurances now a days.
Also be glad you have your children now.
And it's not recognized by hardly any company or anything that we desperately need.
(Unclear) you did with (unclear) people should (unclear).
Not be useless like you are.
I really appreciated dealing with UHC it's a long issue so the reason.
And I never give as far as companies go no one's perfect.
So no one gets a ten on being a company being recommended to (unclear) you recommend something.
And it's all your fault because they don't do what you said they would do.
The one thing you could do better is remove that horrid hateful nasty phone system of yours that makes me go through 3 levels of questions and doesn't understand the answers half the time.
So great job guys please keep it up thank you bye bye.
I don't know it's just I haven't seen a doctor yet but at least I know who.
So well done UHC have a great day bye.
I don't know what you all will approve so I'm having my doctor has to write (unclear) compounds and then they're turned down.
It would be easier for me and I'm sure other persons that have neuropathic pain if they had a list of compounds that you all do approve of.
I don't know but anyway I'm still trying to do this and I'm gonna send my fax and my note and hope that y'all have some kind of a resolution to this thank you.
Nothing I'm very happy with the information that Randy provided and would heartily recommend you folks to anyone else seeking coverage.
You guys could be more of aware of the doctors that you have in the network.
There isn't one thing you could've done better 'cause you guys always do it perfect the first time.
You could've answered any of my questions because you didn't answer one of my questions now what on earth is the matter with your answering service (unclear) tired of being on the (unclear).
You guys are excellent I've never had any problem you guys are just blow my mind thank you.
I don't (unclear) call today thank you.
You don't need it going through your representative because they don't understand the feelings of your member.
It's terrible for people that need these things and I think that there is no compassion on the end of whoever handles this medication form.
People need these things and people don't have $95 when they had $1.
Not put that machine up that asks you do you want to go to Disneyland do you want to do this do you want to do that because I'm not in any mood to hear any of that c***.
I think you guys doing everything alright except the agents (unclear) need some more homework to do a better job for the customers.
I would like to talk to somebody instead of this recording that's (unclear) it (unclear) nobody (unclear).
Have more people like the customer service person I had today who explained everything right.
So I have 3 more names today I'm gonna try those hopefully I'll have better luck.
No problems at all I really appreciate this efficiency on you your part.
Which stinks 'cause you don't have the same plan here and they did an amazing job just getting me all the information I need and that's the one thing that could change get the plans that I have now to the new region I'm in.
You folks are doing an excellent service to.
(Unclear) and you get too many get through all the phone things when they tell (unclear).
She didn't knew nothing about it anyway it's okay they don't have to do it I don't have to pay you thank you.
If you could be any more excellent than what you are then you could thank you.
I don't understand why I can't get a decent (unclear) dentist here.
In the beginning your list of choices for what you're calling about is difficult for me to put into words or figure out how to say so the automated system can pick up what I need.
I think that maybe you know as a whole the insurance with these new procedures.
Because certainly with Medicare guys are gonna deal with prostate cancer.
And I do appreciate that because sometimes you know things get overwhelming especially when you're dealing with a loved one who is sick.
The operators were really kind and what not but I did get cut off and I don't think it's the operator's problem.
Whatever you're doing keep doing it.
So I keep calling down there saying why are you sending these letters and then they say well you're covered.
Please take time to listen to the patient instead of I don't know just being a little abrupt on the phone.
Appreciate all your help you have given us so far.
I just didn't realize how the system worked myself.
You did good for (unclear) get my scripts and stuff ready.
I have nothing to say bad about that person the service.
They (unclear) hunt and search and hope they can find something.
You just need someone in IT to work on your (unclear) frame.
Okay because they don't ever seem to understand what your looking for.
Keep on doing the great job that you're doing.
And please put a stop to these people calling other people posing as UHC.
It's a crime all over the US and I thank the person that took care of that.
I never want another call on this phone from somebody that isn't you.
you know I have to wait and see what they have to tell me or what benefits I have because it's new for me.
Right now I love you all.
I have problems understanding hearing so it's basically an issue of my.
I just don't understand the question sometimes or the benefit explanations I get sometimes.
So if United Healthcare could be an activist to bring down cost that would be great.
In terms of better I think it would be good to use people for fully conversant with English.
I think having people that are based off shore often don't have (unclear) what the issues are and it takes a lot of explaining to try and get them to understand and even then they can't seem to not get it repeat the same information over and over even thought that's not what the issue is all about.
And I hope that this man lives a long time and with this company you have.
You have good people or nice people or.
I think it would be nice to know if there is a generic for (unclear).
So that's the one question that I think trumps all the other stuff but yeah your customer service from your representatives is well above average and normally always reaches and many times exceeds expectations.
I can't speak highly of him more.
You couldn't do any better than what you have right now.
And all of your other staff when I call I have a question they care and that means a lot.
I think everything's just hunky dory.
And thank you for having such wonderful employees to go above and beyond call of just answering the telephone.
But if they're going to send you a letter and tell you to go online and look stuff up.
you know you change anything or (unclear) get added on to the dental health care.
I think you're a great insurance.
Thank you for having them because they sure are a big help when you need it.
I haven't had issues with the Internet the new system that you have.
So whatever issues you guys have (unclear) I understand (unclear) new system hopefully next month I won't have this problem.
But you don't have it bye.
You guys need to come up with commercials on how helpful the information is.
The only thing that I think you should've had is the programs that you wanna have already posted up where people know.
Now I have to go further and write a letter to the appeals department and you know so this is extra work.
I have nothing to add to that other than hire more people like her.
The one thing you could've done better for me is not have the tiers for something that preventative like this that's serious to have it for a 4 or 5 or something like that.
I will stay with you (unclear) the rest of my life as always.
You can't do like you can talking to somebody.
You need more people like the person I talked to (unclear).
You know you don't pay to the doctor (unclear).
Excellent service I really appreciate it they're right on top of everything thank you.
Your' e lucky she's an employee 'cause she is nice.
you connected me to one of the best representatives in the business and I'll give her high grades and we've never had any bad reps.
I guess your records department needs to do a better job and not.
Oh for whatever reason you're really you're really on top of your stuff UHC because I've dealt with you over the last year so it seems like you're really trying your best to make things better for us with health care.
You could have done a lot more to satisfy my needs for heaven sakes you guys.
I just think your automated system doesn't tell the caller it's time to hang up.
They say the accept your insurance but yet you thinking they're accepting it and they're not because they're out of network.
Just strictly benefits doesn't do it when you call in.
I guess just the one thing might be is that the book might must not be extremely clear on the benefits I guess 'cause it says zero copay and I guess their office basically can charge you anyway for.
AARP's politics are completely untypical to a whole bunch of us and I hate being with AARP.
just horrible side and being in the public and advocating things that a large number of members do not believe.
I guess I'll have to die of high blood pressure because the pills (unclear).
The drug situation is just unbelievable and you have to be rich to be able to afford the medication you need nowadays.
Ya know I've never been on welfare worked all my life always helped but now I'm a widow and I need help until I can you know downsize and get on my feet but it doesn't seem like I can get it.
Because they don't know what they're doing.
And thank god I hope it be alright.
that could change and for you to do better to serve me.
Just wanna confirm that that's all being taken care of.
Well could have given me someone to speak to that would have the therapy to give me a better explanation that what I received.
The customer service's new rep was very well informed very up to speed on things that are going on what I don't like is that menu that you all have (unclear) you called you need department and the operation so it that menu just sucks big time okay just big time so give it (unclear) or redo it or something but it s****.
You do everything nice and (unclear) it's just that your doctors don't care about your patients.
It's the outside and your doctors who don't care about us.
They're the best insurance I've ever had and I will always keep it.
Take care and y'all have a nice one.
The one thing that you could do better for me is don't press me to say my benefits would be terminated.
So take care of yourself's and thank you.
It would be great if you could also include Quest Labs on your your list of laboratories because right now you just have LabCorp and LabCorp is awful.
Little more detail on coverage from organizations like sometimes the doctors say you don't take it and sometimes you guys say you do take it.
I really hate your insurance company.
All of us ladies that are here are loving it.
I don't know but that would be my only complaint and it's very minor.
Which is a total inconvenience that I have to call housing and say it's coming.
I just don't understand this new system.
You have to call in to find out what you're eligible for like whatever.
you didn't do it that way.
If you don't have cash then it's usually half anyway.
So I don't know and I'll just try this insurance plan and see how it goes.
Keep yourself safe and your parents safe and also and you sons also.
But the thing that really bothers me is when you call in and you try to get to someone you gotta go through all this rigamarole.
And they still don't understand what you're saying.
I think they need to have somebody there to answer the phone and not have all this garbage on there press one press two press three.
she truly was an asset to your organization and I think you can just keep having employees like that to help the customer and that's the best thing you could do.
Well I don't really know of anything on this (unclear) a payment ought to have been done but evidently it's your people that I'm dealing with in (unclear) within (unclear) should have been doing.
You guys are really getting good at this.
they can listen to when I talk to them and learn how to do their job right.
(Unclear) something done or a change doctors or what ever.
So if you can speed up you know the sending of those cards out would greatly be appreciated (unclear) few of us.
I know you have a lot of people I'm you know (unclear) but it feels like when they pull up a computer screen it should be very easy to navigate to find out the different answers to the different questions.
Let's just keep doing what y'all are doing and serving.
you know serving folks and I just enjoy.
You don't know how much it is a relief to speak to a live person.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
and go out of her way thank you.
Well for one thing your website doesn't work you changed the website but you don't tell your customers that the website's been changed and it's frustrating and upsetting and we're a bunch of old people.
And we shouldn't have to put up with that kind of crap from you people then you call your customer service they say they don't know anything about it.
Then they transfer you after a long period of time to your tech support and they don't know how to handle it.
You people got your heads up your a** but I'm gonna tell you one other thing I'm gonna drop your insurance first thing.
You people are a bunch of a**holes and you don't care about your clients.
Don't need to do anything because when something is not broken you don't touch it.
Nice talking to you bye.
Whenever I get to a individual they are a amazing and helpful but the prerecording stuff and press this and press that I might as well take a nap in my chair.
Well I think in times of needing medicine this thirty day time wise is kind of ridiculous.
I guess with the service and what not.
I think he's going above and beyond with you know what he has to do to get it resolved.
she should be into some type of management and train some of the other people.
But I don't know if it has to do with you guys but the dentist.
truly answer what you had to know and they give you a book and the book don't have our information.
I don't know what that could've been.
I think he's an asset to your organization.
But part of that's the obscure nouns you use to describe things so take care.
Please leave a message when you do try and contact me if I'm unavailable.
Well you don't have any answers to get this issue resolved.
You guys know what you're doing.
But I know kind of that you don't really care so I'm going to do the best I can by myself.
So I think it would save you guys money and us time if you would research them prior to.
Oh you have done a great deal for me to help me out to change the address.
It's nice to be able to talk to a real person.
And she you should hire more people like her.
Just keep on doing as well as you are.
That has nothing to do with the person being able to provide it it's the company providing it.
I hope you take care good care of her.
I just like to know the information about that the place I was if they they way (unclear) told me some places have medications some others don't have.
Would be very nice to be able to know and especially where the doctor's office won't even try to help you.
They couldn't get me the price of it so that's about it.
You pay 40% and you don't know what it's going to cost.
You know how much y'all pay.
I can't pay that so but anyway.
Someone that knows exactly you know how to help you or don't mind digging for those answers.
Couldn't do better you've got a great employee there.
That's one thing that's always impressed me with you guys is the I don't know how you manage to get so many good customer service reps.
So I wish for these like Oxycodin I know it's a serious drug.
I hope she gets a bonus a raise a promotion gift card something for her excellent work.
You have such great people working for you.
The first thing you would've done is to order people like Cassandra your representative.
God bless her and give her health and you keep her as long as you can because you got one h*** of a representative.
As far as your dental goes unfortunately I don't have any coverage (unclear) fix them.
I'll probably go to (unclear) when they work on your mouth when it's not as much money so (unclear) that's about it for today.
So you really have to figure that out because this is not good.
You guys are the best insurance company I've ever dealt with in my life.
But no you guys do great.
you know then I would have never been in this mess of trying to get this corrected or having to appeal.
So make sure that the agents get everything straight all of them.
but I have a hearing problem so you might (unclear) raise the level or something of the volume.
Well you take care and if that didn't work you people take more care.
I've been with you for several years and I can't find anybody like you any better.
I found some companies that are close but for the things I need you're my company right now.
So keep doing good things for me.
I don't think it's the doctors.
You people got to get your act together.
Transfer me to the right people and departments and help me figure things out.
But I love the United Health plan that I've got and would not change it.
You could not have done anything better because every time I call I speak to the most professional kind well trained operators.
So thank you very much and have (unclear) order you (unclear) healthcare.
You took care of everything.
And it would've been nice to have an advocate at UHC intervening and saying we need to get this done for this patient.
I think you could do something better with that by distinguishing if the dentists are PPO or HMO that would be a lot better.
Well (unclear) there wasn't able to do nothing about it right now (unclear) for Medicaid.
I am 60 years old and I will still be gainfully employed most likely for at least 5 more years.
Please reach out to me and explain to me why they can't remedy this situation because it's sad.
So they do have them but the ones that do it do not take this insurance for some reason.
So hey that's the way corporate America is.
I really love UHC insurance company and I'm totally obliged.
I don't have any complaints about any of the customer service employees that you guys have.
So whoever you guys are hiring you need to continue to hire people like that.
They don't you off when you're speaking.
you know can hear the smile as they're talking.
So you guys keep up the good work and keep the people that you have alright.
So you know you guys are (unclear) like (unclear).
The only thing that I could find that you could do better is to have better music when we are waiting for them to get back to us.
you know I don't know a better way to do it.
He wrote down my concerns and I'm really upset by the fact that we pay so much money and that accounting decides what they deduct our.
Okay good evening and I hope next year we have a better choice.
Hire people who have empathy for the insured people you deal with.
I will be contacting AARP because they seem to think that you do a good enough job that they should be back with you.
So take care of yourself and plus take care of all your advocate.
that doesn't make me comfortable.
I don't think there's anything better except perhaps you start by telling people we realize this is something we've never experienced before but we'll do our best to help you and they did.
But that's not something you do so I don't you know the customer service is excellent.
You know you guys always are outstanding on your end.
You can't get you really can't get anything done with you know with pain specialists and I understand why it's a problem.
(unclear) so (unclear) have to deal with it myself because I can't get through on that (unclear).
People connected with University that don't have University insurance and the pharmacy so we're not recommending things at all.
I didn't really get an answer today and I don't understand why you do certain things you always do and I can't ask questions about that and I'm you don't get an answer.
Take care little sister and I also.
We're still like we paid our $20 co pay and now we're supposed to pick up the rest and that's frustrating.
So we need to improve either the system either at making this readily available to the person trying to look this up or better training for the person who's trying to do the looking up.
I think Albert's done everything possible to help me out here.
You take care of yourself dear and also when.
and trust me this is your big brother from West Virginia now dear so take care of yourself and I'm glad I'm in the family now.
Not the people that work for you guys.
(Unclear) to answer every question who have a little knowledge of everything instead of you know one person only handling this fraud.
You only have certain knowledge of this fraud and then I guess you have to call back and be transferred over to a person who can answer the.
I can honestly say every time I have a call or I need help I get it and you're doing a great job.
I think it's one of the worst ran businesses or run businesses that I have ever experienced in my life.
I can't say enough about your customer service.
Y'all got to hold on to a good worker like Rochelle because you don't come across a good worker like her.
She can teach y'all a thing or two about customer service.
Look into it and make it happen and she will make a good supervisor because she already good at customer service.
And you better hold onto a good worker and a good employee like Rochelle because you don't come across a good worker like her.
Y'all better recognize and y'all better be happy that y'all got a good worker that (unclear) customer service like she can.
You always do a great job and I'm really happy with the insurance and all the stuff.
Really you have done a fantastic job.
So I can't ask you any other thing.
I think the burden of proof is on the company that's charging and I think that I will follow the advice and of Alexis and pretty much ignore this bill.
Well I don't know if you could've done it better because if the plan doesn't cover what I wanted to know but the young lady did the best for me.
So you know I'll just have to deal with it from my point of view on some from my side and my doctor and we'll see how that works out.
I'm really pleased with her service and I wish that you could clone her and have ten of them you know working for your company.
Keep doing everything that you're doing now.
I don't agree with the methods that the providers you know have chosen.
There's nothing you need to improve on on your quality of your connection there.
Please whoever the supervisor is see that she gets this message and do something for her please.
Now when you people like Chad said (unclear) to me all I have to do is tear it up or burn it.
Because he's a very good you know person to have working for you.
Honestly you guys are great I've got nothing.
Okay? Thank you in fact you may be getting some bad data because your 10s may be being interpreted as 1s.
If all your agents stay like that the service will be great.
Yeah you need to change your rating system and make nine the best that I get.
My only reservation now is whether the hospital involved will actually live up to what they said.
I am still uncertain as to whether that answer will trickle down to all the various appointment clerks that they have.
Up until three weeks ago we had snow so I just I guess it bothers me that this plan that we don't have people in the United States that can do this kind of job.
I can't think of anything you could've did better for me for this problem thank you very much bye bye.
You do well thank you.
I guess you have done everything for me.
Well I guess all insurance companies are the same way.
you know all my answers were.
Well it's hard taking you seriously because I may not sound serious sometimes but it's a serious matter that the demands serious attention but I don't take life too seriously because it makes it you crazy.
It'll make you nervous upset and you're going to come to a point where you'll get so worried about.
because life will beat you down but don't take life too seriously or you should (unclear) years.
(unclear) begin the actual applications (unclear) change the organs that's (unclear) so (unclear) and I'll call you back and you're being.
y'all get paid I guess through I'll give you some cash probably I don't know how much but I could be maybe giving you a couple thousand or maybe two thousand I don't know maybe I'm not sure how much but (unclear) and I'll pay you if needed.
I can't thank you guys you covered my.
I was happy to do the survey but you set the survey up as a one question survey and I (unclear) take a (unclear) I take a ten (unclear) survey and (unclear) went through all this four question survey no big deal but you should know thank you bye.
If they could somehow improvise it where they don't have to call in that would be something that a client doesn't have to do even though they don't order they're still receiving the actual over the counter essentials book to order items for whatever year it is.
I really have no false define with your service department.
If you have everybody if you have everybody that works like the one person that I just talked to.
You would be a lot better off 'cause some of the people don't even help you and this one person has helped me a few times now and I wish I would always get the same person.
You don't gotta do nothing better thank you bye.
(Unclear) your files are in inconsistent as far as who is network whose not in network (unclear) the answers (unclear) point.
But I can't find out why he got a phone call today so I think you need to fix something there other than that.
I like the way you handled your business thank you.
Every time I call you guys my answer.
I guess the only thing I would've said would bet that I think what they're charging me was ridiculous and you know maybe found a way to get.
It's just communicating over the phone and trying to figure out how to get into the website and create everything is difficult at best.
Well in terms of phone service I can't think of anything.
I wish you covered transportation back to the US if you get (unclear) but that's not anything to do with this phone service.
So I guess that's why we bought this travel insurance.
I don't know that'd be my only complaint.
Well I don't know that you could've done it.
I don't know what the problem was.
You guys took care of everything first contact.
You people really help out a lot and just go right to the point and it's just really good.
Yeah again the people that I've talked to through United Healthcare have been most helpful.
I don't really get a good reading of what it is of when they send me the list.
Just send me what I request and what's supposed to be sent.
Couldn't be more helpful knowledgeable and fun to boot.
I think the problem is not UHC it's Walgreens.
Well I wound up not having any coverage and it would've been nice if I did have coverage so that's about all I could say but that's the way things are.
You all have been total angels on helping me and I hope to God just blesses you everywhere you turn.
I don't think I could ask for better service than your people offer me.
And so to me as long as you keep hiring people like her and she does deserve a raise or some recognition then you could better serve us.
Not hung up on me that would be the (unclear) thing to do not hang up on your customer when you're helping them.
No your service is excellent today so I really cannot think of anything that you could be doing better at this time if I do I'll write it down and in another time when I call I will let you know.
I enjoy talking to a human being and secondly the time that it takes to work through something like this if it could be cut in half and the service be much quicker it would be very good but I don't suppose that's possible.
You know actually nothing.
Yeah he's very helpful and (unclear) people like that because you need help (unclear) in the correct way.
I'd be more than happy to discuss what a poor company you are and your prescription service as I had told the last gentleman the people that are (unclear) when you talk about Optum insurance company we all call it Hades like h*** because they really don't care about their people they know more than their doctors they know more than anybody apparently.
Your company is not a well oiled machine like they talk about when you go to the (unclear) and they give you the great spiel.
We are in between the prime doctor who's talking about cutting off his HMO patients because it's they don't have (unclear) secretaries to handle HMO-.
Sometimes the computer or the lady who answered the phone doesn't comprehend the policy numbers that we give or the member numbers that we give and we've got to repeat it a lot.
Wasn't on hold for very long so I don't see anyway to make that service any better.
I appreciate the time because I'm elderly and I have a terrible time with the computer and I just wanna thank you for leading us through it by phone also.
Get rid of the Mickey mouse phone system where you can call in and talk to somebody directly instead of going through all the Mickey mouse punching holes before you can talk to a human voice thank you and good bye.
I (unclear) go with UHC again I would not recommend it to anyone that is all.
Absolutely nothing you service beyond my expectations I thank you for that too.
Everybody that is affiliated with the company should have access to all records one office shouldn't have one thing and another office have something else and the one hand is not watching the other.
So depending on what office a person calls into whether or not there's anyone there who knows anything about the problem that they may want to talk about.
I think you're great bye bye.
I thank god every day that I have you as my insurer.
You were doing great and sometimes what you need to do is train your employees to be able to transfer the calls to the right places and what have you but overall no complaint at all thank you very much.
Because I'm totally blind I liked your representative when they call me give me time to get up to get to the phone call them not hang up okay that's all I need bye bye now.
I think just for further question if we need it that's all I need.
Like today I ask for if he has already a shingles vaccine and there's none okay thank you thank you very much.
Just continue doing what you're doing.
Until they resolve the issue they really take time with you.
the people that work for you are intelligent and know their business.
We will get it no matter how much we have to pay for it.
But I think that would affect many people not getting it they couldn't afford it or had to pay the big co pay.
I know that's a very expensive drug.
So maybe you should rethink your policy on that-.
Yeah we have a (unclear) I have other things to do in my life.
I don't time for this so you get a survey with everything now.
So thank you for taking the time to take care of (unclear) problems and (unclear).
But the older I get the less I understand people talking fast and long.
So we'll just wait and see I'll rate ya when I know more.
Actually you did a perfect job so everybody can take (unclear).
You have done wonderful things for me and I can't ask for no more.
I wish that you could help us more with Epic you know were seniors number one we're seniors which means that our memory is not as clear and precise as it used to be.
if you could get a better hand on dealing with epic helping us.
I'm gonna be 70 years old and you know you have to understand we're not getting younger we're getting older and you have to separate all these things and what not.
And they wanna give you heads up and they wanna make sure you satisfied and (unclear) they gonna keep on working with you.
I'm very pleased with the way I get treated each time I call I wouldn't want to improve it it's already perfect okay you have a good day now goodbye.
There's nothing you could do better I mean they're very helpful and I'm currently on hold for specific help thank you.
So that we don't keep getting these letters saying that they don't have the money but actually you do have the money.
The business are great the people are great.
Well if you could lower drug costs in general that would be great but I don't know if you can do that.
I mean a business cannot run if it just doesn't pay its bills for a week.
I don't know so far I think everything has been going well so I don't think you need to improve on anything at this point.
I would say is good but the other previous calls they keep telling me oh yeah we're taking care of it.
You know you're supposed to be running a business here where you got people's healthcare that you're taking care of.
So get off the pot and do it right.
I understood the wait time because you know there's a lot of people on the plan or whatever.
If they are not sure what they are talking about they should be able to transfer to someone who is more knowledgeable to save the time of your customers or clients.
I love the insurance with you people.
There's too many you know automated you know people.
But since you're doing this with the same company can't you just send one letter that has both in it.
You know go out of their way to give me a complete answer.
Stop asking what you could do better and just do it.
Until they will recognize this diseases no one (unclear).
Fortunately I didn't have a need for medical care but you know you should be able to depend on the people that do what they say is done.
So obviously you have a great company because you have a great bunch of employees.
So I think you people on that nurse line should have press one for English first rather then all of a sudden go into a foreign language.
Everything's being taken care of I think.
Well I don't know what you said.
He's not as bad to understand as any technician you call from comcast.
I think you have a great group goodbye.
(Unclear) that you've gotten now from (unclear) USA is not as strong as the other (Unclear) that you were getting from another company and a lot of us are in misery because this stuff isn't working as well as the other.
I don't guess you could have done anything no better because you are tracking my stuff that I ordered and everything so that's all you all can do so I'm satisfied.
I'm trying to sort out a statement of benefits for somebody and I'm having a little bit of trouble trying to figure out what you guys paid and what you didn't pay.
Getting through the process is pretty odious before you can get to a real live person to help you.
I don't know it'd be okay it's good so we're okay.
I would like to think that a lot of other companies would have such nice people as you have.
So at that age I don't think I'm gonna become a drug addict or anything but if y'all could just make it simpler without having to go through all of this.
The one from before obviously was not I don't know what to tell you to make it better because either somebody's not paying attention or I have no idea.
I really appreciate that you have people like that working for you.
Your associate was wonderful and the only thing which has nothing to do with her is it's just very difficult sometimes to find providers that are do take the insurance.
Yes you need to get Julia up to date on billing and everything because she couldn't find anything.
my suggestion would be if you're going to have the spouse.
I mean you could have one person be sure their spouse that's covered is also invited to the same event as it would be.
Anyway's other than that love you bye.
The only thing you really can do better for me and probably for thousands of other of your clients is to reduce the premiums.
I think UHC can do without that type of advertisement.
Maybe the provider didn't do (unclear).
I can't think of anything unless you want to pay more on my bill.
You did a good job for me.
I would like somebody to call me because I need to change my insurance as this isn't doing me any good at all and thank you very much.
I actually work for a competitor and the reason why I'm with United is that I appreciate their customer service being as good as it is thank you.
This is the worst thing that I've ever had to deal with and you guys are just sucking the blood out of retirees.
As always when I talk to UHC you can't do anything to improve it.
sorry anyway and I hope I did it right.
That was for retirees UHC and Bank of America if that makes sense to you.
Why are you advertising something you don't have.
Just hope (unclear) future when I gonna stay with you guys is going to stay the same.
How's all the dentist (unclear) we don't take that.
I don't know how (unclear) people (unclear) take it.
Somebody have common sense they don't do that they need to make sure this doctor they take it.
Have to wait and then I walk over there and (unclear) we don't take that one.
It is your people that try to help they speak slower when they're speaking to an elderly person.
It wasn't nothing to do with you or any of your people.
Have people answer the phone know what the h*** they're doing.
You have people answering the phone that don't know how passport works.
Just help me and I still don't know what's going on with my card.
I can't say enough good things about her.
You have a nice day all of you.
your you know representatives are always great.
Always solves my problem and you know grant my requests.
And hopefully it'll be taken care of.
places that they could go to help themselves and I think within myself that that's what you all are there for is to try to get the locations yourself.
Anyways I have no problems with UHC thank you.
But every time I call this company I always get very nice people to talk to.
I mean you have all the information there but 1 department can't talk to the other to get it transferred.
Have absolutely no complaints and I'm glad that I chose you to be this carrier.
You answered my questions so I can't think of anything.
You folks are just top drawer and top notch and everything else.
You all need to stop making it so hard for people to be reimbursed their money.
Well I guess you answer the phone just a little bit quicker but the lady who did did a real good job being from a Foreign country.
Your book is not easy for the normal person to decipher to go through to see what kind of coverage you got on everything.
So basically I think you're trying to clean that up.
One thing that you could do better for me is send me some money.
all the service you could be doing for me.
It sounds like kind of a common question that you guys should have a Q and A available for your first line of support.
Just tell them the coverage and where to find it and you can save a lot of time and also maybe your online system could have Q and A's that answer that so I don't have to call.
I've been in customer service for geeze over 30 years and I it the you guys go over and above all the time.
They are going to resolve my problem so thank you.
You guys do such a good job as it is.
I can't think of a thing other than that you're doing everything right now.
The one thing I think you could've done better is to let people have extensions so you could speak to the same person again.
Well I think you did the pharmacy don't speak so fast when they talk with the seniors especially like me.
They always do 110% great job an A plus and Cher is the one that took care of me today.
usually you guys do a great job so we gave you an A plus rating.
You could did better you all did a good job.
Let us know exactly what's going on and tell us when we go get the benefits or qualify.
The only thing I can suggest is to make the member ID's on your cards larger and easier for people who are older like myself to read.
(Unclear) appreciate everything that y'all order for us and help us out.
pleasurable and you have good customer service people and I would enjoy you know telling someone else about your services.
So I would say keep up the good work and get some coverage for water aerobics.
I think that your supervision department is horrible has horrible customer service being a former VP myself.
And I can't think of anything that especially with this particular representative or any of the other ones that I've talked to in the past I can't see how you can.
And when I get an opportunity I praise you to anybody else that I can about how good UHC insurance is.
I wish you had a little bit more information on the doctor's various skills and procedures.
I know it's not his fault or the reps fault.
And I can't say any negative things at all.
Other than that you know I feel very good calling customer service.
The only thing I can say is get rid of the computers.
I suggest that UHC just keep the same process.
Namely if you have more drugs on your formulary that's a big a thing.
So appreciation you all's you know professionalism.
You guys took care of everything all the concerns I had.
Hi my name is Denise and the one thing that you could do better for us regarding this online new system is maybe have people be a little bit more helpful you know like teaching us on how to use it and empowering us on how to you know especially for seniors how to go and what happens.
with (unclear) improvements plus and UHC and I don't think you could've did anything different.
to make it better and thank you.
You aught to promote him to president of the company and while you're at it I wouldn't mind if you promoted him president of the United States 'cause I don't like the one we got.
You wanna hear from me I wanna hear from you.
You could quit calling me about the same thing over and over again because you must have a bunch of 1st graders answering your phone.
I still like this service and these people are awesome.
Until I have it I'll be stuck taking these opioids.
I'm so glad I'm with UHC and anytime I have any questions you people always answer everything I want to know.
some place else but they have nothing to do with it.
The counts of fathers being something better as long as you guys giving answers that's fine.
I like to talk to an individual instead of the people that are robo type people.
So I like to talk to individuals but that's the only thing.
if you're not the member than you can't even get it for yourself.
Have the connect you to a representative without going through a whole lot of question and press this and press that why can't they just connect you right to a person that you can speak to.
Nothing could've been done better the representatives are always spot on and give you give the information that you need.
'Cause a percentage of course if you don't know the price and the cost it's hard to figure out what your percentage would be.
You all don't have to change nothing.
So if y'all are hiring more people like him then you gonna make everything much easier.
You know so I would say there's nothing that you can change at this time.
It seems as maybe your computer systems need some tech.
There's nothing you could do the hospital and etc billing to you is what seems to be the problem sorry.
Because she's wonderful and the voice on the other side answering and picking up that phone is the one that for me represents your business or you know UHC and that's what she does.
It's the best insurance company I've ever seen or had and I would really highly recommend anyone to go to UHC Duel Complete.
You are a great insurance company and I love you and have a blessed day.
Yes you know I was talking to your representative about these calls I get that said their from your company but I don't think so and he says he's going to check into it and he was very nice.
or they just need to be educated out there more on healthcare coverage and insurance.
So maybe that's something you guys can look into having access for us in the future.
Everything is good but you need some representatives to talk each other personally.
Customer service needs to be better informed because I'm passed from one person to another and they don't deal with this they transfer you to somebody else and no we don't deal with the plan so transfer her to somebody else and what a mess.
At this moment I can't think of anything for you to improve your services.
I need the headsets that help keep your mouth shut while you're sleeping at night.
I really don't know if there's anything you could have done better because (unclear) every agent that I've called the past six times we're new enrollees my husband and me.
representatives they were the one that helped me the most and it's nothing to change about that.
So yeah I don't understand how your billing works but if that can be something you have to rectify that would be great.
Like you know if you're mugged and you know you need help but you're not gonna die but you're fairly beaten up.
If you're raped you know you may not have too much.
too many injuries but I think you're gonna wanna get an anti viral medication.
It's so hard to choose and travel insurance it's really expensive.
It'd be nice to have some kind of idea from how much travel insurance would be a good idea for medical thanks.
Update everyone on the programs that you provide so that there's no guesses as to what (unclear) insured is calling about.
Find out how (unclear) does it and do it the way they do it.
She didn't get upset with me like some people do.
So before you send something out check it please.
The I don't think you could do much better on the call I think you could do better on the coverage that you give your members.
But that's I just feel like coverage could be considerably better especially for those of us on Social Security with very limited income.
I think you need more people like Jeanette who helped me on the customer service.
She's out of Missouri and I just appreciate you having her and she needs a raise.
So hopefully we'll get this thing taken care of.
So it's not about your personnel that I have that I think needs to improve but your forms need to improve a little.
And I can't tell you the difference with who you're talking about.
Hello? What do I do disconnect it?.
Okay take care have a good day and be safe.
Well I don't think you could've did everything 'cause that.
and I know you're all not like that.
you know that'll save me time and I appreciate everything.
I think you're a wonderful insurance.
You guys have a good day and we'll talk with you later.
The guy your customer service did really great job today so I can't think of anything today.
I think the thing that would make your service better is to have more people like Miss Randi.
Keep on doing what you're doing.
We can't say enough good things about her.
Your systems could've been up but I mean I know you don't have a lot of control over that.
The one thing you could not be involved with (unclear) on some of your information and (unclear) it is so hard to get any information from you.
The reps try hard but your info is so outdated and so ridiculous.
Nothing you've always done great when I get to talk to you or get papers from you.
I'm sorry I just I'm unhappy with the prices that I have to pay through you all.
so next year I'll just switch to somebody else but for now I have to do it.
So that's one thing I feel that should be added as an incentive to the patient.
Explain you know the situation you know that I didn't know.
And have each of the departments that answer the phone know what they should be doing instead of pushing you off to somebody else.
(Unclear) you did everything that was required so I guess you did a fine job.
The one thing you could've done better is understanding how your rules in some cases flat don't work and all they do is (unclear) doctors money in terms of overhead.
Thank you very much (unclear) don't mean that mean to us as we're writing out a check.
We always hear the bad we don't hear the good.
I simply replied in the affirmative and I think it's totally unfair and I think the system somehow isn't working.
Now that's my opinion and somehow we need to be aware of that.
Well I would like to have the answer today about dental care but I guess equipment ain't running right so it would've been better if I could have the answer today.
I need more coverage than what you supply.
Sure there are a lot of other senior citizens who have mobility issues as well they're not able to get into the mobile unit to utilize the test that they say we can have.
So you should make those mobile units available for mobility issues or not do it at all.
Hi it's me I didn't make my mail right.
y'all do really good.
But I wish AARP would not put people on the line with language barriers because you're already dealing with people that don't understand number one that (unclear) Medicare (unclear) AARP and then when there's a language barrier it just makes it miserable you know it's miserable.
And I'm glad you hire people like Miss (Unclear).
I don't know what (unclear) and what they don't assign so no your service was good.
I didn't have enough time to enter my whole number so yeah you need to give me a little more time right at first that's all.
why do you repeat everything over and over.
I like to speak to someone right a way and not go through a hassle first.
All your people are second to none and I appreciate them and I appreciate the company thanks a million bye bye.
Make it easier for your people your representatives to call people back to get answers and call people back.
And so patient and doctor will know very easily what that's about and what the cost is.
I think the hospital's charge is unreasonable.
Well the service is just A plus great ain't nothing more you could've done and I appreciate it very much.
You could do better on when they put you on hold of not hanging up on you.
I didn't need no more thank you for your service.
I'm not covered and I really don't understand the difference why one is covered and the other is not covered.
I guess you're doing everything you can to get the person taken care of as quickly as possible.
get some stuff we can order and that's it and have a great one.
I do not like to order medicine and I'm- with what I've got.
I'm completely satisfied I have really no suggestions just keep doing what you're doing.
Not necessary but somebody needs to simplify Medicare it is so confusing and constrictive that it's baffling that anybody gets anything out of it.
So thank you from someone that doesn't know what they're doing.
The only thing that I think you all need to be aware of is there's a lot of background noise in your call center which is distracting.
I'm not sure what you could do but you should work on that and that's it.
Hi (unclear) I have like today service that's very good and I don't see any improve but a very good.
I could not detect any accent and I live in a country that they used to say where are you from? In the States we say what do you do? He's young he's intelligent he's well spoken.
Too bad you couldn't clone him you wouldn't have to hire anybody else.
It would be nice if the different departments of UHC could communicate better because that's the biggest problem we're having with this current denial and appeal process.
Appreciate your service and think that's about it for now.
I wish everybody was as well put together as UHC is.
You are doing everything great and I'd like to mention representative who helped me.
The young man is gonna research a problem I have and get back with me.
The only thing I see you could've done better for me is when I call to tell you all that I don't get my (unclear) certain time there will be a certain time when the money gets here.
And when you owe the person you don't want your medicine cut out.
So I think something needed to be better by that make some kind of notation or where everybody can see it where that letter don't go out because I pay every month.
I don't miss a month of paying you all.
I don't know of a thing that you could have done any better other than pay me a $1000 for calling you.
Well (unclear) they didn't have to do any more for me.
You need to figure out what the problem is.
Doesn't do you much good otherwise.
It is ludicrous that you have to resend receipts because your people cannot be bothered to look at the proper paper work.
I repeat your claims department sucks.
Basically just listen a little more.
I don't like talking to machines at all.
I need to speak to somebody and I can't understand why y'all can't get somebody to answer the phone.
You know I didn't have a problem with it at all.
It is impersonal and it does not treat anybody with respect.
You'd be a lot more respected and you'd have a lot more business.
If you could have not disconnected me from the call well I get the okay hang on.
So I don't know how you can do help that but it would be better a little bit more listening and straight forwardness.
I think you need good specialists not just in your very (unclear) neighborhood but also like a little father away because what is more important is the competence and expertise when you're trying to look at doctors and giving out those on the network.
Apparently there is only one other thing I can take that's within the tiers and it doesn't give my Doctor much to work on.
But I just you know I think it's confusing to send this book out with all this information and then indicate that it's just an advertisement and not preliminary information because that makes it sound like well it might or not might not be correct.
I think you've done enough and it's excellent.
You could've let me speak to a person before you had me take your freaking survey.
I haven't even talked to anybody yet and you're giving me your survey.
You better check your programming because something's broken in your system.
I can't keep calling you and getting cut off.
You could have done a lot better by understanding the (unclear) nonsense that was made to me from the company or hospital or whoever 'cause I don't have this kind of money.
So I did not get my issue resolved because you guys could not resolve it but you guys are a great company.
it didn't have anything to do with the service I received.
Please tell them 'cause this is just misinformed they mean well it's just misinformed.
I don't know you took care of my problem it's just fine.
You guys keep on switching me and switching me and I still don't have no results to my answer.
Not make things so difficult to understand especially in correspondence and letting people know ahead of time exactly what's involved.
It's 0 I am frustrated with you now what else would you like to know.
So it would be helpful if you made the information to the people I'm talking to easier for them to obtain and view thank you.
What the h*** is wrong with you people? What the h*** is wrong? You fix your service.
You could test more browsers and not tell people when their browser is an inappropriate one or doesn't work right.
You guys are a pleasure to do business with and I'm pleased to be a client of yours.
they gotta pull out five of my teeth.
I called about (unclear) to me in there and I'm not covered by you all's plan but I think everybody that's using (unclear) that's got insurance through you all it should be on every plan that you all got.
For Life Alert any kind of emergency (unclear) stuff that you need so we could get help right away and you all don't have that.
So you need to get that as soon as possible (unclear) when you get it let your customers know that you got it.
The one thing you could do better is to have your representatives better informed.
I appreciate your talking to us like we got brains.
Other than that yes but I would think if more doctors well benefits excepted this program it would be wonderful for me but as far as the representative Eli from Texas he did great.
Make sure that the operator that the voicemail that y'all got that they be on it because they be.
they be out of whack sometimes.
She's going to call them to let them know where I need to go and until she can call me back I don't know if it's being resolved yet or not but I'm asking for help and I thank you very much.
But the agency that gave us this plan was a rip off 'cause he didn't tell us that they didn't have any providers in South Carolina.
maybe you can check on it for me.
I don't know that there is anything unless have the ability to talk to benefits and IT at the same time or you know subsequently.
You're terrible you people are terrible.
you think you're the big cheese and anybody could put up with anything from you.
You (unclear) if your system is down you might want to change your phone message on the answering machine to just tell them it's not (unclear) not gonna be of any use and to try later.
Have the male operators not speak me so much information all at one time.
This is typical of the screw ups you guys have in your system.
You're wasting my time you're wasting your people's time.
the only thing is you get aggravated if you get transferred and have to repeat everything.
I don't know if you assist him in that in anyway but other than that it was a great call and appreciate all the service.
I don't know why there not thank you.
Just keep the good work up all I all I know.
I really appreciate her help she should have (unclear) she's a very good customer service rep.
You just have past due balance it's hard to figure out what it's for.
The one thing you could do better for me is to correct your system.
Your system is really bad if it wasn't for those to woman I don't know what you would do.
Sorry to hesitate one thing you could've done better for me was to pay my bill.
So keep going the way you're going.
And I just wanna let you know that your operators are doing a great job.
Maybe you folks can't do that but still makes you when you go into the hospital for some tests with at big question mark of how much money you're gonna have to pay out.
I just wish you could better give us a gallow amount of what these tests are gonna cost us.
Everyone at UHC stay the way you are.
Need to know the exact price of what I will be paying because I'm in the donut hole.
Email would be a lot better that's the main thing.
And so now I am in a lot of pain and you guys don't care.
And she's going to follow my case through and that's very very nice and I really appreciate you know just working in your department she's an asset there.
You could've gone directly to a person that speaks English instead of a God d*** robot.
I have never not been treated respectfully and (unclear) out of their way to help me.
You can keep doing what you're doing everything is just fine.
just a wonderful person and you need more people like him.
So you could just get the information to your people quickly.
I know there's maybe not enough people and the.
Train others to be just like them and you will continue to do well as far as I'm concerned.
Well I it wasn't the representative's fault.
So if you do one to ten you should explain to people how they're supposed to do the ten.
I don't think you can do better because you very good in everything.
sh what am I thinking of UHC is as helpful as Rauul was.
Like you always do and the problem will be solved.
I wish I had more people to talk with when I do something (unclear) like (unclear) my bill.
People with patience courteous happy and willing to help and not rushing.
So the reasons why they can't take me.
The they (unclear) do anything better.
Y'all couldn't have done anything better for me you always take care of me every time I call in.
Maybe do away with the automated part and just put a real person on.
So it's like I don't have any of that information that you've already put in.
Your people have messed this up just about every time.
They do direct me to the right thing.
Get me to (unclear) solved my problem and she did a good job.
59 on my bill and I don't understand it either.
I guess it's just because insurances have changed.
So you have extremely lovely people there at your UHC.
I know they can't help that but that's I'm just giving you my experience.
You do need more people like her.
She's very wonderful and you do need more people like her.
But you do need to speak with your agents about that someone's personality and attitude on the phone but not the last one I spoke with.
So I would expect that you do keep it up carry on with this customer service that you have (unclear).
I'm under the impression that you're doing all you can do and just keep doing it.
I'm trying to help United Health so that they don't over pay a bill.
I think I'm probably better off with Good RX but for now I'll stick with this I don't know why but some of the medicines are fine you now they're priced reasonable with the insurance.
50 a month and they're still like I can't even get any of the good medicines.
So you waste a day talking on the phone but before that someone wastes your time by doing that.
I I the service I've gotten from you guys is absolutely horrible.
I can't think of anything you could do better except to have those drug companies lower the price.
I wouldn't change one thing about the way you did your job.
Taken care of like I like it so I have no problems whatsoever.
I do miss getting the form to fill out on my when I do the different awards and letting me know what you're doing but I guess calling in is the way you're doing it now the gentleman told me.
But I sure miss having the awards paper out that you fill out and can see it hang on to it and as you do one then you know so I know what's going on.
I'm sorry he couldn't help me but you did want you can thanks.
I don't think you could have done anything better because the government restrictions limit what you can do and what drugs in the lady that was helping me I think she did all she could do giving the restrictions that your company has to work under too.
It is it would appear that the people within the system of customer service they haven't able are not able to communicate with one another.
And Optum Rx is the worst I really think that they do not represent United but I know I think United Health is the best they take excellent care of me.
I recommend United whole heartedly to everybody every change I get.
But Optum Rx is just hideous and I'm gonna file a complaint with the better business bureau about them.
So I really think that United needs to take a better look at Optum Rx because they are awful.
that I am interested with and everything's really served your company betterer.
(Unclear) having well I guess instead of having the eyes checked every year for glasses they should consider people eyes every year instead of giving them glasses every 2 years that's my only complaint but not (unclear) for (unclear).
Oh too many different people to have to talk to.
more explanation of this co pay because I didn't know that about the.
I don't run your company but thank you.
And make sure they discuss the solid answers not the well this could happen or maybe this could happen or yes you can get supplemental here's what you need to do.
They've never been not wanting to help you know not knowing that this is their job to come to work and actually help and assist people.
Did you get it? Hello is anybody there? Is that it? Well I have to go.
I don't know how you find all these wonderful people.
So anyway I don't know what that was.
I think it sounds like a phony baloney thing but anyway so thank you (unclear).
Handled my problem other than having me jump through hoops to get it taken care of.
Please do that for me.
He deserves to be commended about how great customer service he gives.
It doesn't sound like these (unclear) people know what they're doing because it's like going around and around with the situation.
I think that would be very helpful to the senior citizens that are mostly in this group.
Actually you folks have done everything.
Talk to someone (unclear) understand (unclear) talked about.
I think your computer system could take care of that.
As far as I'm concerned I just got total double speak double talk call it what you want from your agent.
I think it's just ridiculous policy and (unclear) insurance company.
And if it's the insurance company I expect you to take credit for it.
Well the one thing that I would like is to have more doctors in network because we're very limited.
The only thing is is you've got too many people in that office that you can hear.
You all are so good about helping little old ladies with things.
you guys need to keep her around for a while.
So I think you did a good job of clarifying what the bill should've been and fixing it.
I understand that it's out of network and I mean I understand the process.
I guess there's some of the assistance that don't speak English for their 1st language and are just learning it.
I don't have any comment but I think the service is quite good and you can get all the information very easily.
I can't think of anything except that your representative went beyond and did an excellent job.
Okay just to make sure okay and I thank you.
I understand the problem now.
I think they should get a lot more liberal discount than that.
You take $225 out of my pocket and it's going to hurt me.
I think you do a good job already.
Representative can't figure out what's going on and they had to keep getting supervisors.
I love the people in there.
they have answer for all the questions and they help me a lot.
I think you don't (unclear) that's one of the things you need.
Just be patient and just vote your d*** politicians out.
Get new blood in there so we can make it a better system.
get things done better for me.
you all made things happen for me that I never (unclear) could even happen.
just everything about me and (unclear) and I'm doing my best to get some folks on to UHC too and I think I'm doing that.
Every one of you who are members of the UHC keep on doing what you do because your the best.
OK I appreciate all you folks.
We really don't know but thank you anyway.
Your staff every time I call are very helpful and knowledgeable.
Ma'am I have no problem with what you all did.
And I wish you had the courtesy in your company and the technology that you would be able to alert us before we actually owe a debt that we cannot pay.
It's really not you it's just that Optum ought have a card to send out to us members just like Silver Sneakers did.
Your site is kind of hard to navigate when you don't really know a whole lot about the computer system thank you.
you know what I can't say too much.
Just say a lot of prayer and you have a blessed day.
I didn't get a clear answer thank you bye bye.
I wish more insurance companies would be like this.
I'm going to call AARP and see if they are the ones who actually were the ones who sent this out.
So keep it up that's why I stay with your company you've been terrific.
I always receive good service and there's nothing you can (unclear).
Well as always the folks on your end of the line are more than helpful.
If you want to fix something make sure what I can see online is well current.
(Unclear) questions you know (unclear) I didn't like that.
And so I guess that's about it and I'll always recommend it to other people if necessary.
I think you could have more information for the representatives that have to answer some of us because some of us have lost about three thirds of our brain by the time we reach the age where we're on Social Security and Medicare.
I think he's a good man I don't think we need to worry really.
I'm doing without these pills because I can't afford them and I don't know what I should do and I'm in limbo because of you.
And the fact is that sometimes you turn us away and sometimes you charge us anywhere from 25 to $25 and it's not their it's not the driver's fault.
It wasn't like a complaints it's just something to make somebody aware of that why do old people have to be penalized because we're late or don't go at all.
and like I said he's a great asset and I would not let him go if you ever have any cut backs or anything like that.
I'd like to give him a big thank you.
I think you're handling it beautifully.
I wish they would get their act together and train their people and most of all not insist their employees say my apologies.
That's about all I ever hear from UHC is my apologies.
I have no complains and you guys are doing a great job.
They don't even answer their phones half the time so thank you.
Because some of those things that are offered you don't know what they mean exactly.
So if you have it where you can speak to someone after you go through the list of offerings and they don't satisfy you then you can to it right away and solve it.
Still don't know how much it's gonna cost.
This young man really didn't want to help me.
the person on your line was very good about trying to improve it.
Now I think that UHC needs to educate their representatives on the shingles vaccine because there's gonna be a lot of people that are gonna be interested in it.
So I think that's something that we need to look into Optum Rx they're the one that are holding me up thank you.
Just keep doing what your doing everything is right.
I don't go around telling people what account or what company they need to go with.
I don't go around telling people oh you should go with AARP Medicare.
So I was my only recommendation is that you continue to do the thing your doing and that's that would be my recommendation.
That is my money and I need it just as bad as anybody else and it's hard for me to pay any extra.
Actually United insurance company is a company that offers a lot it pays from little or nothing and all they do is send you appeals so it's a terrible company as far as paying.
And so they like to collect but they don't like to pay and it's always the same thing appeals and nobody knows the reason of why they aren't.
they come up with all kinds of excuses you might've stayed in the hospital for.
Who stays 3 days for a blood test and so your people don't know what they're doing and the aren't given good information.
And so it's very disgusting to have a company that you gotta call back everyday and listen to music and spend a couple going dead.
And spend an hour or two every time because they gotta go ask someone else they don't know so very disgusting.
The one thing is get rid of your automated answering service it is atrocious it's terrible it does not work and it is evidently not very well monitored.
And letting the people know that would be fine but this one is in network and I'm billed for it you know so if you could just you know keep your paperwork.
I don't know of anything alright thank you bye.
UHC you guys are doing a terrific job.
You got a good employee there really.
I guess if you wanted to pay my bill that would be great.
She didn't have anything on file for it so it wasn't her fault and I just want you to know that she's a great person.
I can't thank any of you enough.
So you also show that there's in my hometown Haleyville Alabama there's two dentists in Haleyville that accept you all.
The other things seem good and they seem to run smooth but I recommend you make some major changes as far as who is in network and as far as dentist and take those out that y'all for some reason have in there especially when they have never accepted it.
I can see according when they leave they quit accepting it compared when you write up the book on it I can see that to some degree that's anybody anywhere.
Hey it was the service was just right I got what I needed I can't don't have any suggestions for what to do better.
I think that holding the doctor's staff responsible would be it you know something that you could try to teach them.
But they still get paid good money to do their jobs.
I think that United Healthcare doesn't understand their program.
The people when we get to talk to them it's excellent.
I mean we really need to speak to people when we're so old.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
But you need to help out your employees more so that they're able to take care of customers calls.
Your people that answer the phones are very good.
I think there needs to be a coordination between your people there at United but anyway that's all.
and you seem to have more people like him.
I'm just really happy when they get these people especially these ladies who really seem to like empathize I don't care if they're actors or what.
It's just you need to know that feel that they really care about your problem because it's a real problem to the person at the other end of that phone so thank you all so much and I will be back in touch very shortly (unclear).
I have to fill them in myself and it appears that either notes are not being entered or people don't know where to look for them or they can't find them I don't know what.
(Unclear) I just wanna make sure that these people take the insurance so.
For those of us who do not have email do not have awful electronic stuff could you please at some point point out on these forms what these things mean.
Well you could get another person like the one I just talked to.
You should lower the prices and help the common man out by not putting me in a loop hole because that's just not fair to have to spend your whole check on medicine.
So I can't complain on your attempts to help me it's just difficult when you're 70 and not good at this techy stuff so thank you.
Yeah it's nice the way that you have the girls or the men ask you how's the weather and how you're doing but sometimes people are in a hurry.
Just that you guys are always there when I call and the lady that I (unclear).
Your people are wonderful to deal with.
pretty well handle it pretty good.
But it would be nice if you would send something stating that my coverage is.
You guys don't know how much each it's gonna cost me for this shot.
The only thing I would say is expand your services.
But other than that I have nothing but excellent things to say about UHC and the people that are working for you.
I can't say enough good things about her.
So it'd be nice if you could find some way to keep people from getting cut off.
But things I didn't have a referral it's not gonna be paid for.
So (unclear) the survey and this is one thing that I would you know complain about your survey is not helping anybody.
You people hang me up.
Except that you send me out too much paperwork.
And really appreciated her help because it's kind of confusing when you're trying to straighten out billing issues.
You can't understand them and they sure can't understand me.
You know you can't really improve on it so far.
(Unclear) service (unclear) and it seems to me that all of the policies should be able to (unclear) and mine obviously doesn't.
You guys did an excellent job this time.
Have agents stop saying I think you can do this or I think that's the way to do it or I think this is paid for.
Have them know for sure what is required or what's done or what's paid for.
It'd be really nice for a cancer patient to get the drugs that they need for their pain release because the generic brands that you are pushing on her are not the same.
they're not formulated the same as the true medicines and it's really a shame that you are denying (unclear) that you are denying a cancer patient.
you can look back on the history and you can see that she has not abused theses drugs and you are not giving her what she needs to take care of the pain.
I don't want to think I know yet until I get all my benefits situated so I don't know right now.
Cuz I don't have it and I can't understand why it's so simple.
And so I'm gonna tell as many people as I can tell about what lousy service this happens.
Appreciate everything that you all do for me.
and save me the problem and you the problem of having to rectify all of this now.
For one I think you have changed your survey program or whatever it is because usually we're the only focus on the person I talk to.
Now you're saying from today back 6 months I can't I can only say about the person I talk to at the time because some people aren't as helpful as some people are so you need to put your program back to just focusing on one representative that I talk to.
Well I do not know what you can do better for me.
You know they don't sometimes they don't let you know what they're doing or whatever and I and sometimes it's like you got disconnected.
Each person being as adamant about what they have to say as the next person and neither one of them have a clue as to what the heck is going on.
They lie and they cause confusion and frustration to patrons like myself who are in the process of looking for a better company and-.
But I don't know how y'all do it but at any rate it just doesn't seem fair.
That they don't do send out letters when they're don't deliver it.
You could've made the changes necessary and you didn't.
So we'll get it done I pray.
I am so happy that people try to make your office tries to help everybody.
I just wish we had known that the new provider wouldn't kick in for another 2 weeks but that's no one's fault.
Well I feel that y'all should take payments on the balance that you owe.
Not ripped us off by signing stuff without our approval so that now I'm having to pay for this without having (unclear) or wanting to (unclear) so if you know wanna cheat people especially older citizens go ahead and continue your process of cheating people because I never signed up for this and I think it's horribly unfair that you do it that way that you automatically sign people up without their permission so there you go.
And appreciate what you do there for us.
It seems like this is not much more of a benefit than just Medicare alone.
So I think you need to make your system a lot more efficient and treat your seniors in a little better way.
A very good person for you guys to have as a representative answering telephones.
But anyway they didn't notify me and that's something that the company should've did.
Your having when you say that you will do the survey you get cut off the last time it happened to me.
I have nothing against the party I just talked to Perisa but you people make things complicated for the customer.
So that's great to know and that would be great for the doctors to know as well.
That's the only thing I have to suggestion you have great customer services and I appreciate every time.
You know but I guess I have to switch doctors so anyway under the circumstances I'll have to go through that okay bye.
You're lucky to have her working for UHC thank you bye bye.
Yeah you need to stop hailing Walgreens drug plan because it's nothing more than fraud.
Yeah call this person something about an indication we weren't happy with my reference that they were given to contact and that would be you so I would appreciate it if somebody did that.
I can't say anything else but (unclear) thank you for all your help.
Please tell the supervisor that he needs all the kudos and whatever else rewards of whatever (unclear) that he's done for me today.
The automated system could not even find me so just give us the option do you want to speak to a real person do you want to do this do that.
what questions I need to ask of the medical people before we proceed in anything.
what to make me a healthier person you're the best insurance company and thank you so much bye bye.
The one thing that the Social Security Administration or Medicare could do is get everything right the first time.
UHC they should know what I'm supposed to do.
Anyway that's my issue and it's every seems like every month I do have an issue and I wish you guys all knew you know how to take care of your people.
Take care of your members now and like I said.
You stay happy as well darling.
Yes if there was one thing I would say have the customer service support specialist slow down to speak clearly their name.
I just can't get an answer today so that's why.
I find that AARP has served me well.
Overall I wish there were more representative like she was.
Possibly done one thing you could have done better for me is have the person who's talking with the people not talk so fast.
I got great service you all resolved and issue where the (unclear) don't see anything you all could've done any more.
We would like to talk with somebody from the United States because we don't feel comfortable talking with people that take our personal information outside of the US.
He's trying to straighten out the mess you keep making of my PCP.
I'm sure there's somebody else sure would like to have my money because UHC just is not cutting it as far I'm concerned.
If you'd like to contact with me and discuss it I'd like to speak to somebody who's got some stroke to get something done.
You don't have to change anything just to get team like Darina.
So yeah you can work on that part.
And just thank you for everything you've done.
I don't mean Jacob but I mean the whole company itself.
I don't know about the doctor we'll find out about that.
I don't think you could've done anything better except maybe give us the numbers to this week's Lotto.
Get rid of the automative line that's the one thing cannot tolerate alright thank you have a great day.
It's just amazing to me how you find such nice people.
This is a terrible situation to be put in and it's not fair to people and something needs to be done.
It's just excellent to deal with you guys.
Been in the insurance profession all my life so nothing new.
And I just think UHC is the best since I've been in the hospital and having (unclear) and stuff.
I don't think it's your fault but I wish I could've understood the logic behind the additional payment better.
You don't have to do anything any better and I appreciate all the help that you've given me.
And what company's y'all represent as far as who UHC uses for there services because evidently you all don't know because everybody the names that everybody gave me.
And I don't understand why y'all not trained and updated in y'all system (unclear) the companies you are.
You did a very good job I have no complaints and no suggestions for improvement.
this doctor's name but you know we.
I have no issue with the people I talk to.
So if you all can continue that I think that would help a lot for customer service.
'Cause I believe that the kindness trickles from the top to people that work for you know you.
But the little electronic thing I personally didn't care for cause the-.
I guess just have updates on Doctor's addresses.
You can't get no better than that.
And may all your Gods bless you.
I guess the type of insurance that I have is all I can think of.
Otherwise we love you all.
And it's not good for me to have to speak to people who are rude or abrupt.
I really don't have any recommendations at all every time I use your customer service line you just you people are well trained.
You do an excellent job your very efficient and effective nobody could ask for anything more.
And you guys do a fabulous job both online on the website as well as in your call services and I just don't have any recommendations.
Well the only thing that I found out that you don't deal with Amazon and that's where my son can get a lot of stuff cheaper than we can those other places so I just found out about it right now so that is the only thing that would help but otherwise I'm well satisfied thank you.
I'm just I'm very happy with the service I got but the drug companies are causing all of this with their high costs of drugs and I think it's a sin and a shame that this is happening to older people.
I can't think of one thing you know to improve your service.
you know when you gonna start listening? Because I kinda like you but if this continues where you don't listen I'm gonna find a new health care provider.
Not have the patient have to make inquiry all the time as to what's there and what's not there they should get information should be more forthcoming in other words.
It's not right what happened and they will not refund the money.
So let's find out why neither my me or my wife got it didn't get a bill and let us know please.
UHC has such outstanding representatives there's absolutely nothing they can do to improve.
I just think that it's a big hassle that we have to keep getting preauthorizations and then we hear that they were not received.
So I don't know what the problem is but when you need to have your teeth fixed (unclear) in pain you need to have it done.
I'm sorry I don't know what you asked me.
You all have a great day and bye.
I don't think that they could do any more than they're doing it's just a continuing bill and several people have worked on it and I don't understand where the problem is.
So they're working on it (unclear) ask is that they're trying to take care of it and I appreciate the effort bye bye.
I need for the website to be up and working but that is another issue thank you.
You have not accomplished anything today for me you keep putting me back and forth overseas to USA and you cut me off and I have not got my medicine ordered yet so you're not doing anything today.
I don't like talking to computers they don't understand what I want.
Make that automation more easy friendly can't seem to recognize anything your saying to it.
I could've been paid for them that's all I don't blame on you guys.
I can't think of anything you could've done better because you answered my question in a timely manner.
you know super (unclear) experience so I have nothing.
It sure would be nice if you had employees from United States and didn't (unclear) your job (unclear) last time it was Philippines today was Mexico and our country is the basis of your business anyway that's all I had to say.
you know I don't know how many of them take Medicaid but I know there are quite a few and so that's.
To improve the quality of service you should have more gentlemen like the one who helped me today.
I just don't like that automated answering machine because they don't always understand what you're saying.
Yes they are very good to deal with.
So let's work on our math people thank you.
I do not feel that UHC or the representative Lauren could've done any more.
Like they seem to be wanting me to change my.
Just have to track it down and you done all that you can do at this point so I'll just work from there but thank you.
If you want people to do a survey you got to come on the line after the lady gets off instead of having to wait a couple of minutes or even 1 minutes because you think that there's something wrong with the system and you'll hang up.
It's just that I have the person wasn't able to give me complete answers.
I don't really even know what it was before and now it's Regal Medical Group of Central Valley.
No I don't the person that helped did a very good job it's just confusing trying to figure out the benefits and matching it up with the doctor's bill.
The doctor's bill wasn't very it didn't have much on it for me to understand.
They're patient they listen to the problem they take care of it and I feel very fortunate that I'm part of this group.
Take some of the medications and make them a little bit more reasonable for people.
But you can't control that but you can get Big Pharma to control it.
Please do the right thing when you guys make a mistake it's not me.
All your employees have found the answer to be in my favor and yet you still don't change it why.
I really think (unclear) you do a good job (unclear).
I have no choice obviously but your system is terrible.
Once you're being asked as to what rewards program you're going into.
You guys are not fulfilling my needs at all.
So I would suggest you you know you improve on that because it's just you know it's just really not fair you know that we have to wait you know half an hour or so to you know to get you know a conclusions you know with our calls.
It's you could've give me some coverage.
Unless you've got employees that need replaced.
Patient and I do not think that you guys need to change not one thing.
Well you could get more help or something at.
Also take care of yourself darling and like I said please stay safe and then just do what you do best.
Your automated service is very difficult if you don't know what questions to ask.
I don't know how they're doing it because they're not exactly doing it the way customer service told me it was.
No I think you people are doing really good.
The people didn't hang up on me your system did.
I can't really afford that $47 so I'm gonna have to go without.
And I think UHC and AARP should get together and get us seniors covered.
it's always be good to know.
I love the people that are working there as well.
I think that better understanding of my insurance would be beneficial but I don't know how to tell you to do it differently.
Oh by the way I think all of the members know to stay on the line after we're through with the rep.
So hopefully this will take care of it.
we did a number of tries in getting me online and they didn't succeed.
your lady because Clyde can't hear you know very well and he won't wear his hearing aid.
So you know if you could do something with that because I'm sure other people have run into the same problem.
I guess the only thing I could say is if the drug was a different tier it would've helped financially but other than that your customer service reps are very good.
Yeah my only suggestion is when you're dealing with insurance you kind of want to keep it.
And also your right hand never knows what your left hand is doing and you're getting me crazy.
You're lucky to an operator like that because when you call in you don't know.
Not use the automatic stuff I couldn't get my there wasn't answer in this I don't know what you call it the things that you want to say.
If got if you want any more comments on that give me a call back thank you.
I don't know what that would've been.
That's what I got I work better with an agent thank you goodbye.
Somebody to answer the questions that I ask without just keep putting me to somebody else somebody else somebody else somebody else thank you.
You call up and some people don't even know what's happening.
So I don't know but we'll see what happens.
I don't think anything could have been done better it's just a confusing thing to have to deal with these procedures because they're in (unclear) with pain and it's not totally so everyone was fine thank you.
I don't know you guys put a scare in to me about having to send me home so soon.
That's why I'm making all these phone calls and having my daughter in law help me out so just that's about it thank you.
Thank God because most of the places where they bill us is sometimes horrible to talk to.
It's better to talk to a representative from United Healthcare than talk to the place where the bill is coming from.
They want you to just deal with them but it's not gonna happen.
I usually contact you guys and see if it's right and if it's right then I won't worry about it.
The hospital is wrong the doctors are wrong.
They tell me the wrong stuff and then when I call you guys they straighten it all out so.
And she's a credit to UHC because she represents you very well.
Representatives that are know your benefits so many of them really do not know enough about our benefits and I never feel quite confident that I'm getting the right answer.
He's only been with you for 6 months make sure that it's remembered when he comes up for evaluation and give him the most the highest increase in value that you can because I'm sure he's not making near as much as he's worth.
I call up every month to pay my bill just so I can talk to these lovely people whoever hired them really knows to get the best out of somebody and they are the best.
It's a pleasure to do business with you this is why I deal with you because of the great help you have.
Not have me push these buttons on my phone because they don't always take.
You could've figured out at least some way that I could not pay this part because I think it's unfair.
I was just hoping that she'd get recognized for just excellent customer service skills.
I believe it should be up to UHC to keep there information correct.
I think the one thing better you could do is less computer talk.
I have no issue with the call the representative is going to take action as required and get back to me.
You could stage your computers up (unclear) the wait looking up stuff on the computers.
It's hard to understand everything regarding all these coverages and she explained it I'm sure as well as she could maybe like I said I just don't understand how some of these shots are covered one way and then the other ones are not.
If you guys need to do a d*** test send it through the fetch.
I get the runaround every time I call you United Healthcare and I'm changing when it's time to change because I'm tired of you people.
No way to improve on what she does for customer service.
You call Minnesota and it's already closing time or I called too late so it's not your fault.
People have been telling me since May 1st they're gonna take care of this problem.
Provide me with some doctors that are not total nitwits.
Well I can't think of anything except that one when we call you like myself and they have to have a change that they know what the change is for and (unclear) only changes on the card.
It's been a terrible experience even though the representatives have been nice there's only so much they can do and UHC has really made a mess of things for me by asking for things after the fact.
I'll really have to take a long time to think about this.
But no you guys are great.
And it always makes your day better when you have someone nice to talk to when you're having a problem.
I do think y'all need to check your system for this survey because I think that on the introduction it explains the numbers the opposite of what it explains them when I wasn't taking the questions.
I'm helping an elderly parent with medical bills and you guys are wonderful to work with.
Just get over the right one to help me that's all.
Danika did everything perfectly right I can't say anything for you to do different.
You have so many like that.
But I know she'll diligently work on it and I have no problem with her or your company believe me.
I only give 9s because I believe no one in life is perfect so I don't give 10s but anyway.
You (unclear) thank you goodnight.
Oh actually nothing my issue was resolved during the phone call and you can't do anything about drug prices so I appreciate it thank you very much have a good day.
It is hard to understand people that don't speak complete English.
I appreciate all your help y'all have given me.
I just don't like your automated system the way I have to get to a real person.
You need to have your people to speak a little louder I have trouble hearing that's the only thing I can tell you.
Is need to tell them to speak a little louder thank you.
Couldn't be treated any nicer and exact on the information so I'll give you all an A plus thank you goodbye.
Your people were fine it's the doctors out here that are incompetent.
Get more people like the representative that I had today.
Inform me that you'd pay every dime of my (unclear).
She's going to file a grievance and thank you very much.
so they completely understand who's covered and who isn't and their patients don't suffer thinking they have to go around and change a doctor that they've had for years.
I think that he keeps addresses straight because we have.
So you know 100% to you guys.
I think the provider did not have the information needed to kind of get this done on their own.
She knew the answers and how to answer you know how to take care of anything everything.
We couldn't have done better (unclear) get no better than what you did.
Oh actually you do everything right.
Because some of the doctors just don't care and they take their time and I don't know.
I have no other comments to make as far as how you could've improved the service.
Just been more positive that you would be able to find the kind of doctor that's covering.
This is Carolyn Malator and it's ridiculous how much you charge I know the manufacturer doesn't it doesn't cost that much to fill (unclear) it's ridiculous.
It's a highway robbery that's what it is these manufactures charging that much they should be locked up they should have to go to jail.
And the insurance company if they're getting any payback on it they should be locked up too.
Maybe have somebody who could really find a place for me that our insurance participates in.
Well I think you already done a whole lot.
If you could get all the agents to be like Miss Whitney that I just speak with I think everything would work just fine for all your candidates your customers even the doctor.
It seems that your people that are examining the claims information you send in are not looking at it very carefully and they overlook things.
Did a great job (unclear) did a real good job and providing information we requested.
Really nice gentleman good representative of your company and he's a keeper and I think you should give him a raise.
Second of all what you could have done better is to stop putting these people overseas who are not want to be polite to customers.
Number two if we as customers and consumers cannot be transferred to someone within the office we don't need your service.
So thank you but that should either change your way of doing business because it's very frustrating.
Cuz a lot of times I always wonder and if they would do that right away that would be great.
What I've been trying to get through y'all is that free booklet that you can get over the counter drugs and they saying that he don't qualify to get that book.
Oh I would say your company has hired very helpful people and it's just perfect and it's harder for me to say perfect I don't find slouchy or sloppy people there.
They really are valued so thank you because most people go to work but they don't want to work.
I'm here to get paid of course but I'm also here to help try to please you too and I like that because that's how I work.
And it's about (unclear) and so we have to go to the provider and to see you know if everything is all there.
So but otherwise with your service I am very satisfied.
I think that's the only issue we had.
I'm well satisfied with UHC and I hope I can continue and to be able to have it for a long time.
So I guess my only advice would be to hire more people like Amber because the less people you have to talk to the more your people get to move on to other calls and other people.
And you don't want the same person calling back over and over again because it's a.
it's just an exhaustive waste of your resources and it's not good for the customer either.
Get the issue taken care of and then just move on with our health care and not have to bother you guys so much.
that way you could have a lesser staff and a more quality-.
so they could do their job right.
What I would suggest is you don't play high pitched music when you're on hold.
People with hearing problems is not going to go through on their hearing aids real good.
Well the one thing you could've done better for me is not switch my cardiologist.
Alright and keep a smile on your face because you're doing the good Lord's work.
Maybe if I wouldn't be such a grouch maybe she'd be you know might help her more.
Nothing that you can do other than the deductibles but I guess that's something I'll just have to live with.
I said y'all are doing a good job.
Actually two people today that it seems to be taken care of.
There are far too many medical acronyms that mean very little or nothing and it's difficult for us to keep track of how we.
They're all a bunch of medical acronyms why doesn't United Health provide this information in lamence terms that drives me and everybody I talk to crazy.
or this is just a waste of paper it's a lamence I can't understand what it's trying to say.
I wish that they would take the time to provide us with more accurate information instead of all these medical acronyms that mean nothing or very little to the average person.
I wish this would've been covered but it's not thank you.
You guys don't need to change a thing.
I'm happy with the service and you keep doing a wonderful job.
You could've had more efficient computers or better computers that work better than the ones that you apparently have.
Thank y'all for taking care of me.
I love your company and I'm glad to be with you.
I think (unclear) did a real good job.
my questions have been answered but I know if it's gonna be.
I don't know if that's gonna hold true.
So if there's another way to shorten this procedure or go to one person that would be very helpful.
So be patient just like she was.
So I think that it's and there's also another ingredient United Health has to have people that really care about the people that their working with.
There not just putting through their time but people can tell when they really care and that's what I found with 3 different individuals.
That I think is something that you could do better and that is once something is done let it stay done make sure that whatever means necessary are done to check up to make sure it stays done.
So they give me another number to call so this your very serious lack in coordination.
Sometimes you you transfer here and there and it takes a long time to get someone.
And I think I think the UHC is a good source for insurance.
Yeah I don't know of anything right off hand 'cause you all did what I needed you to do so thanks.
Your plan is just very costly compared to the one that I have.
10 so I just think the representative needs to learn to listen more to the consumer to exactly why they're calling.
the only thing that I would love to see is to have a representative have a selection of people so I can talk to the same person every time and that's about it.
Couldn't have did anything better and your service is outstanding.
better you could've did was contact me sooner.
I can't stand these black people that don't know how to speak proper English.
I guess make sure that the other people that are contacted in customer service have the same kind of training as Julianne did because she was quite good.
I think you have too many buttons to push in order to get you through to who you need to have who you need to talk to it's confusing.
You know sometimes your issue is not one of the buttons to push and but you have to go through all these segments before you could get to a customer representative or a human person to talk to so you can explain it.
Just want you to know it's great service.
The people that's on your list are not very helpful they they just can't provide the proper information so I'm still in a dilemma thank you.
But you guys must have a thousand reps up there.
That I look forward to working with the health care.
I'm sorry I don't have an answer for that.
So I can get in touch with somebody and somebody will offer to listen to me and see what's taking place and get them people for turning in all this stuff or trying to collect lies that they got turned in and do better with that.
I'd just love to see something done to these people that does y'all like that.
I do not know anything you could have done better unless you could have made the price less that's the only thing and you can't do that so anyway we appreciate you Optum Rx goodbye.
you guys couldn't even find the bill and this is not a small thing it was $39000 and I was very unpleased about not being.
Well everything was pretty good so I don't really know right off the top what you know you could've done more.
Request from the customer so you know what we would like to have (unclear) negotiating on our behalf.
I mean we're the ones receiving the benefits (unclear).
The call was fine I just have to pay some money for my (unclear) but that's not anybody's fault.
I don't understand but I am happy that I did get the amount that was taken off of his Social Security.
You're actually what your people are doing is great.
You can't do anything better than what you the person talked to was very professional.
And just just did all your employees just like the one I talked to.
And I thank you for an employee like that.
But I just wanna say every advocate that I've had at UHC (unclear) all 10 if it didn't.
And I'm going to write the insurance board in Alabama the RSA board who makes there decisions for which.
things to offer and tell them how happy we are with UHC.
couldn't do a thing better for me.
The only thing you need to do better is fix the computer.
This call was handled with exceptionally good customer service and I don't have anything to add as to what you could've done better.
That was a lot better so that's the one thing that you could do better is have people who speak better English.
So I don't know what's going on with UHC and Care Improvement.
That is would be really good if people would identify which plan they're from.
I have spent a lot of time calling back and forth trying to figure out who is who when they leave me messages.
I would have really liked for the coverage for out of network to be better but I know these were the conditions of the coverage so I just live with it and thank you very much.
So I hope that you learn to do something better to help the people that have your insurance because if you don't I'll never ever get your insurance again.
There is something wrong with your phone when you call it don't work right.
I just wish that maybe they could get me into the people of course I realize I'm calling you up today.
Did you guys get that? I guess not.
Did you call up? And I assume that you guys are still on there.
As a matter of fact the young lady should actually you should actually listen to the phone call because I think she should be the model upon which all of your customer service reps are based on.
So hopefully we still will be helped with the price of the electric scooter so thank you.
I don't like the coverage but nothing.
Any questions you can call me you guys are terrific.
Thank you but otherwise you've done you know good.
Well you can hire more people.
I'd like (unclear) would certainly recommend United Healthcare.
Hi you know I have no complaints at all.
So I hope you put a smile on those other members' face.
I mean all those other members.
The people that come on the line they could've been a little bit more friendlier and helpful and it's taking too long to go because you have to call Optum RX through y'all and it's getting too big to do now.
Or you're gonna lose a customer to me anyway.
Thank you and I hope he'll get credit for this.
I would recommend everybody to take time and listen to what they're telling you and you would know what's going on.
look I'm ready to blow up with UHC because UHC doesn't care.
An apology don't make solutions and I'm sorry don't make a solution.
You can't get nowhere with UHC.
Bye bye and keep not helping others the way you are doing.
So you're doing an excellent job and I wouldn't change a thing.
No UHC from Verizon didn't do anything you know that I would be ashamed of.
Well to be honest the one thing you can do better for me was to get me some insurance with.
Well we have to leave room for improvement so that's why I give a 9 all the way.
Have somebody that knows what the medication is and what it's about.
you could have done better would be if we could get a hold of the carrier that billed me.
And you should have more people on your employee list like her.
Fire them all and get some people in there that are qualified.
Those people don't know their.
I find out that you've got just as many incompetent people handling your procedures as anybody else.
When these issues come up if you would really work on getting them resolved.
Your first line group of representatives was almost exclusively really just tell you what you want to hear or tell you something they don't know and then you have to go deeper and deeper and back and back to try and get something fixed.
Oh I guess you guys didn't fix it up.
For those of us that are disabled and have diabetes exercise is very important in our life.
Maybe make a little bit more clear that when you're traveling that you don't really have to contact you unless you go in there for medical reasons.
I think you should call more people for health care because I like you guys a lot.
health care agencies which was in no way her fault but it does really slow her down and slow the whole process down that was the only problem at all.
He do exactly what he was doing in Iraq to defend his country and defend his senior you have completely defends me in my situation because I was complain about my poor dog my (unclear) month and a half.
And their representatives it's a pleasure speaking with and dealing with you folks.
I wish Apprea had the same priority of attention to their customers and patients as you folks do.
You can't improve on perfection and UHC definitely perfect.
Just have a little person answer the phone to begin with and instead of that robot.
It's a great y'all are a great company and I'm just so proud of you for how you administer Medicare funds.
I hope that you will approach the Federal Government about taking over Medicare billing and we'll just get rid of Medicare incompetency and we'll have you guys doing it.
You gotta you should start lowering them a little.
We haven't had any raise from the government for 6 years and your prices keep going up and it's going harder and harder to live and make choices.
Thank goodness you have her.
And all the information that they need I'm gonna you know send it all in.
Now because I haven't been getting a bill I am very.
Well I don't know why you have a credit.
And I like to keep track of payments a little bit easier and better than that.
You need to go up and say thank you for doing such a good job.
You guys did a great job and keep up the great services.
I absolutely despise the way that everything gets handled now and you can't get a direct answer in a timely manner now because everything has to go through Well Med.
Especially someone who don't know what they're talking about.
And I just got mixed up when they say that UHC didn't John David didn't carry UHC anymore.
Really appreciate it and you have a good day bye.
I think you need more employee's like that.
And if all of your employees are of that caliber I can say kudos and job well done.
Nothing (unclear) but these people the sound is breaking up they're breaking up they can't hear me I can't hear them.
you had silver sneakers you have other incentives for getting your physical done in a timely manner I think Weight Watchers is a wonderful program for on going good health.
So I'd like you to pursue that as I know ETNA does cover some of that for their members who join Weight Watchers thank you very much bye bye.
I mean sorry this insurance.
my advocate and told me to call them and see what they can do to help me so I'm satisfied.
I don't know how you can change this but there should be some way.
So no I don't understand that at all.
If they get me to somebody else they're the same way.
'Cause I get calls and I don't even think about these things and they're like well we'll help you and I'm like yeah that's great.
You know I don't have a problem whatsoever with you guys.
The doctor doesn't do it.
You know do that procedure or work in that area.
Today I think I've got a doctor now that will work with this.
So that's my just have your information I guess a little more available or check it out a little bit better.
You guys are very efficient and handle things properly.
If it don't then why should they even ask me those questions? Just pass me over to a person that'll answer those questions.
I mean she she's a customer service person you need more persons like her I'm not kidding you.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
Yeah we work with UHC yeah they are (unclear) and when you go over there they say sorry I don't know who you talk to but he's not in (unclear) and here I am wasting time and paying because if you cancel the appointment I'm charged and if you don't go I'm charged.
And if I go I mean it's $75 it's more than what I can afford.
Just continue doing the great service that y'all do every day.
Well in general you guys answer the correct questions give me the appropriate information.
I don't know what you could have done apparently they didn't submit the thing and I guess the only thing that y'all could have done was called them up and told them to submit it but that's all I know.
So anyway kudos to you for having employees like that in your insurance.
The only thing you could do better is find a thousand more people like (unclear).
AARP United (unclear) h*** of a lot more money to deal with me if I have a stroke.
Than it is just to make sure I've got preventative care.
So why don't you get your act together.
I wish your other representatives also as thorough as he is and feel that the customers concerns (unclear).
They could have got better help to send me a check as we're fighting with them.
And so I thank god for people like you that still care.
I am a big fan of health care partners and your AARP whatever it is.
The way she (unclear) she says well we decide and I (unclear) no they don't decide my Medicaid (unclear).
I think your United Health staff is very efficient and they know exactly what they are giving us so I really appreciate all the help.
She's the type person that I would love to have working in my company and representing my values to.
So just keep doing what you're doing.
I don't think she could've done a better job.
But they need to have supervisors or somebody closer by so we don't have to be on the on hold for so long.
Oh I'm your operator was very good but you need some help with your voice recognition.
I cannot understand what those people are saying most of the time I have to talk very slow because I'm hard of hearing.
I can hear alright but I can't understand what they're saying.
I don't understand the words it's all a jumble so maybe you would you could teach them how to talk a little clearer on the phone.
I guess cut the price of medicine.
Yeah one thing that could be emphasized is that some of us older folks are a little hard of hearing and sometimes the operator might slow down a little bit so that we could hear them more clearly.
You could have designed a plant and with tier three having a lower annual deductible and possibly even a lower co pay but I'm not complaining just wishful thinking.
You have seen your people AARP and you have a very difficult website.
I would highly recommend the people that I deal with with UHC it's always a pleasant experience and I don't know what we could do to improve it right off.
They are not good to people that have rheumatoid arthritis.
I wanna give you a 4 across the board for this person and every other person I've ever spoken to in UHC in about the fifteen or twenty years that I've been doing business with you.
I think the people could be trained a little bit better on their English skills.
Well y'all are doing better by not keeping people on hold.
Why can't they just put everything together? That would be my complaint.
I don't think there is anything you can do except for to find me a doctor at this point.
Done better would be if somehow get more help and get it solved.
It would better if y'all could just call us back instead of having us just hang onto the phone.
I wish all of your service reps were just like that.
I really was not prepared for all of the little things coming into this insurance that we have been saddled with.
I'm so glad you're my insurance company.
So it's a waste of my time and it's just a source of frustration for me as a client to have to go through that knowing that I'm not gonna be put through to someone that can really do something to help.
So either refine that or give a person a chance to tell somebody that can understand what it is they're saying instead of making them fit into little boxes that don't match the situation.
Old people are hard of hearing and sometimes we can't understand when they talk too fast.
Have someone come on the line and talk to me.
they tell me if takes 10-15 days to get from here to Illinois which seems ridiculous you could almost probably walk from New Jersey to Illinois in 15 days.
You can't resolve your problem at all.
It would be nice if she explained it to me you have to do it over the website.
Yeah wait give him a raise.
Yes your very satisfied right now the only thing I don't like ma'am is their charging me 400 dollars for something I didn't even receive.
And you end treatment so if you help me out on that I sure appreciate it something (unclear) me had to okay have a good day.
I know you can't make it instantaneous but it's almost impossible albeit facetious but maybe instantanious results.
I hate that these things are used punitively against you or agents.
Very helpful and everything's taken care of.
Probably given us some other assistance and what or options that you know my husband may have which he can't talk right now.
I don't know how we'll know other than.
It would be better if they were informed and confirmed what you wanna know that they don't tell you that they can't do.
So that's a little bit indigenous for everybody to try to figure out what they're actually going to have to pay.
There was somebody trying to sell me Mutual of Omaha and I appreciate that you didn't.
because once you get in the plan you know you run across problems and you gonna tell me one thing but after you get into it it's totally different.
It doesn't listen and doesn't get the information right.
You guys really have a very professional caring relationship with our policy holder that's myself and it really makes a big difference.
What you did was from the heart and you didn't have any control over (unclear) sincere and it's because of the (unclear) really messed up my package.
'Cause HMO I find very distressing and difficult to deal with.
I would I will stay with UHC because of people like him who care about people like us.
Well when the I think they call those robots that answer the telephone intelligence or something.
I'd rather just get on the phone and talk to a human being who can understand what I'm saying and I understand what they saying.
That's why and they do great job.
Sometimes other service people are not so excellent.
But I still think my co pay is a little too high as being a senior on a fixed income.
I'd just like UHC to cover more things.
So as of right now darling you take care of yourself and also I'm always in your hearts darling.
The one thing you do better for me is to make your website just a little bit more user friendly.
And I tell everybody my friends about it and I hope you stay in business for many years to come.
76 is very high on something that we would say preventative and really should be you should consider trying to get that price down.
I have kept up with my health pretty well.
Anyway you guys are doing a good job.
When you feel like you'll have a bad attack get that inhaler out and start breathing.
So take care little sister and this is your big brother from West Virginia saying so long I'm glad to be part of your family.
it's sometimes hard to understand when you are sent to people in another country.
You did a good job there's nothing that I would recommend right at this time.
It should be a better break down of what all things whether it's bone problems or whatever please have a book explaining it when you put out a new booklet.
I have well care which is like cheaper and everything.
And they cover chiropractic so that's all.
And just keep hiring people like him.
There's absolutely nothing you can do except just give Sharon last name initial J a thank you.
and you know when you get took care of it.
I mean you know I know what the answers is.
And because of her I don't need your customer service again.
Help me get better at age 83 and get rid of this arthritis or help me with it somehow.
Oh nothing and the customer service is great.
you know I have nothing but praise for UHC and (unclear).
I cannot understand the people on the other side.
I don't know how you can make them perfect but you'd rather speak to a person normally.
You know because you never know how a conversation can go either you know any which way so that's but I don't know if you can really improve that but any how you could try.
So this does not look like good well organized care of data for anybody.
However some of the things that are in place you know (unclear) not make sense I don't wanna make this to long.
Very efficient knew everything offered said here are the numbers if your claims people having issue not an issue she didn't use that term but you now the information.
She's a very wonderful employee for you to have working for you.
So whatever you're training them to do you're doing it very good.
So that would be the best way that UHC could help a senior citizen like me.
The only thing I always ask is that you know try to work with hiring people so you make sure your phone doesn't have to go to hold patterns forever but that's okay.
You need more people like her and yourself.
It's just the fact that I don't like to do business over the phone.
I think that they need to have more info because it was very frustrating to me.
Send the meds when you say you're gonna send the meds.
sh diabetic stuff like I'm supposed to so I don't have to call and ask for it.
You don't help me with s***.
They'll send you here we send you here.
All I'm doing is just asking something to your third party that's actually a poor way of handling business.
You know they put you on hold and you listen to the music too long.
I like doing business with you.
You don't know how much.
I understand it's not you all as a individual that set the rules and regulations so I'm not holding that against you.
Kind of like you do with credit cards when you wanna put them on hold and then take them off hold.
The recording you have on does not understand what you're trying to say.
You could've done better just medications are (unclear).
I'm not a rich person and I have to have it (unclear) if my doctor tells me.
So now I'm gonna what now 'til July something to find out again if I can't I'm gonna talk to a representatives who runs your company.
Explains things clearly about what we can have and what we can't have to get your services.
But you know I don't I just got started with this mail order business so I don't know what's gonna.
And if everybody works like the gentleman did Brad then you have a fine fine organization.
I don't know if there's gonna be call back the person I spoke to today is trying to work on this as well.
So there needs to be more consistency for thoroughness in the information that they write done.
I wish I could get a representative that's not so slow driving around wasting time how do I look on to that.
Let me speak to a representative that knows what there talking about and not be driving around procrastinating maybe.
It's time consuming and aggravating and I think you could do a much better job at communicating when dentist's enter or leave your plan.
when you said you had the best people working there she's the best.
you couldn't have did no better than you did and keep up the good work.
00 and I and there's no way we can do that I don't think accordingly to Rosalyn.
The only thing that could be done better is at the very beginning of the call when you have to answer these questions before you even get to a representative representative should be the very first thing and just go to that instead of having to answer these questions before.
Y'all better hold onto a good worker like Michelle Fuller 'cause you don't come across a good worker like her.
Y'all look into it and make it happen and she would make a good supervisor.
Take notes she can teach y'all a thing or two about customer service she deserve a raise.
Look into it and make it happen and reward her with the best not the less because she is a good worker and you better hold onto a worker like her.
I'm wondering why I have a balance and he told me how the government and you guys handle it.
I hope it will be in Kady Texas for you might asking but there are more doctors' in Kady where I live then in Sealy.
The only thing you could've done better is give me one low pay but I'm happy thank you.
If you're going to contact me and I don't answer leave a message.
You guys don't need to do anything as long as you keep him on board.
I like the people that work with UHC.
I can't say enough about all of your folks that I've had to deal with in different situations in all in their following up gonna take care of this event.
So I can't say enough about good and excellence about your company.
Have people speak the language totally understand the language of colloquialisms based in this country would be the best thing to do.
Get somebody as a representative who knows what they're talking about.
Talk too fast I can't follow what you're saying.
Don't believe right of hand that there's anything that you could've done better for me except shrink my hospital bills.
Y'all done good so I didn't need to know nothing else.
You folks just keep doing the same thing that you are doing and that'll be fantastic.
Maybe you could get better computers for your employees.
I think the issue's resolved and I'm so I've been with AARP ever since I knew how to spell AARP and that's why because you're so reliable.
Help pay for the new shingles shot the (Unclear) for these older folks that really need it.
Thanks to Dana she gave me the correct information and I'd think that you need to get some other people trained a little more better to know what they're doing.
All your operators and representatives are nice to talk to.
And you can't do too much with that I guess.
I really can't see what more you.
I don't think that there's anything on your part.
It would be simpler also for those that have disabilities if you could speak all responses instead of pushing (unclear) the input button.
You know and it told em that certain vaccines were covered like pneumonia vaccine flu shots and some of those things.
You can't keep track of any of it so how are we supposed to know.
So yeah I don't like your d*** company anymore.
You make it too d*** difficult.
You have blessed us those that's poor and can't afford out of pocket.
Tell them nothing I guess.
you spend an awful lot of time holding.
And they don't think it's not their fault I think it's not their fault.
But there needs to be some (unclear) because you all have (unclear) in your physicians because you are a business with contracts with doctors.
Right now I can't think of what you could've done.
But nonetheless the service from heather were perfect and I hope you have more customer service people like her in the future.
Have somebody on the phone that you can understand a little bit better.
I realize you serve many customers but I'm a high school teacher and my time is so precious and holding and holding for that first initial person to pick up.
You really couldn't have done anything more professional and (unclear) than the (unclear) I got from the customer service.
Something needs to be done to get rid of these HMO's of GMO's or whatever they are.
You don't have to pull a cart and do all of that.
There's nothing you could do better for me I mean Lisa's done a remarkable job of handling this so we'll just be waiting to see what Apria does to modify or resubmit their invoice.
I don't know if it's a connection with the phone you know maybe something simple.
Provide more people like your customer service rep Mark that talk clearly and bit of a quick talker and you cannot understand them when they're like speed talkers.
I don't know it's just my opinion.
All I need is now experience to make sure all these corrections work.
Every time I call it's like please hold on while I'll get back to you with the answer.
The best thing would be have all of your agents do as well as Johanna did.
Your service people seem to be pleasant but if anyone asks me again to whom do I have the pleasure of speaking I am going to scream at the phone.
(Unclear) I don't think you guys (unclear).
I don't see no other way that y'all can do it.
A job well done and I thank y'all United Healthcare.
So we're going to have to wait 72 hours for a coverage determination and so that's it.
Well I really can't think right off the top of my head that you needed to do anything more than you did.
I can't understand you on this phone.
You don't get the same answer twice whenever you call in.
Keep it up and do you know.
home visit and I didn't know who the person was.
when the number come up have Wellcare with it then we would know what to do.
Really? You can't even come back on the line and say something to somebody that I'm sorry we're not.
Don't you think that's a little bit rude and unethical? Our health department is just horrible.
You have bad news something bad to say you want to sweep it under the carpet.
not making our health care or prescriptions so hard to get.
You folks are fantastic every time I call and I really appreciate the old school ways.
I have no problems with anything that UHC did today and in the past okay so thank you.
I am (unclear) with this carrier and I don't know what to say so maybe after a year I will give a comment okay (unclear).
I don't know what's going on with these doctors.
I guess the one thing is to basically cover the Shingles vaccine.
I guess that's maybe up to Medicare and then you do.
Not necessarily zip codes because folks don't know zip codes but they know the various towns and cities.
I'll just have to wait and see what results I get alright.
You know I talked to all these other people give them the same information well they don't know you know they don't have any answers.
I have heart trouble and we really can't afford this extra health stuff.
I don't know if you give bonuses or whatever.
I know you are (unclear) but you need to coordinate everything together (unclear).
I think you're marvelous people.
And if they were a little more clear on your you know what your benefits are it would have been better.
Okay you folks have a scale zero to 10 but there's no way to put a 10 in on the scale because then it looks like the girl didn't do her job.
I tried to give 10's but you can't give 10's because the stupid thing thinks you're giving them ones.
You should use zero from 9 9 being the highest and then that way everybody would know that this is (unclear).
So you know maybe you need to check on that when people try to speak English and you how for somebody to answer in English or to understand maybe.
I don't know but that's the only thing.
System seems to be very slow couldn't get information so perhaps to look into why system were slow and avoid that in the future.
(Unclear) can't add anything else thank you.
The call was fine your websites are pretty screwed up if you bookmark the rewards part of it.
It makes no sense that you can't do that like I said I saved bookmarked (unclear) the rewards thing.
sh up for doing this thank you.
The one thing you could've done better for me would have been to totally guarantee me that you will honor the letter I am fixing to get if that's honored you get a ten.
Recommend that you do your upgrades way late at night very early in the morning thanks bye bye.
You can't tell them how to run their business.
Or you need to get rid of the computer it don't understand nothing.
You can let me stay talking with the representative and stop cutting in with your survey.
Don't ask me for surveys anymore because when I say yes you cut in in the middle of my conversation with the representative and I can't resolve my issue.
Well you couldn't have solved my problems any better than what you did.
And then you're trying to talk to a customer service rep you have to keep flipping all these pages to get (unclear).
Very confusing trying to get a doctor.
I just find the paperwork confusing because (unclear) say denied denied denied appealed so when I call and they tell me they've already been taken care of makes me happy but I just find it (unclear) get a little it's hard to really understand where I'm going with this yet but I'll get used to it thank you.
You couldn't have done anything better every time I call my issue has helped right away and I really appreciate that.
I hate UHC they're rotten with their prescription.
The only thing you can do better for me is to manufacture a medicine that's not being manufactured at this point.
The people that you have working for your are excellent.
Everything was good I don't have any complaints or any advice to improve the service 'cause it's always good.
I recommend her employee of the month thank you.
Appreciate how courteous your representatives are on the phone and they're quick to answer.
You don't have to sit on hold forever and they're courteous and they get you the answers that you're looking for.
But y'all being able to just connect me say okay now we're gonna transfer you over.
We would like to update our policy and we would like to do it now and not have to wait that's the only thing.
I don't' know what the one thing is.
you did your best and that's all I ask for.
Well you can get a little faster on the phone call but besides that I don't mind waiting because you all do take care of me every time and you have a beautiful weekend and a beautiful day.
It's okay the location (unclear) people that come from another state okay (unclear) to know that okay getting direction is it too (unclear) okay a provider that is closer.
Okay patients that are 50 years old okay (unclear) and then (unclear) no appointment this person didn't see me.
When you call in you get somebody then they transfer you to somebody else.
So I think they need someone that handles everything including the dental that everything's in one place.
Because a lot of times in the past whoever I'm talking with maybe not even a health care I can barely understand the people in customer service.
I don't think nothing could change alright thank you.
Yes what I'm looking for is you know more coverage on my insurance.
There's nothing you have to do just keep hiring people like her and you'll be in business for a long time.
I'm sorry but I don't have this insurance anymore.
It makes you feel good to call a company and people are genuinely concerned and have the patience to listen and help.
Often times the questions they ask isn't what you're calling about at all.
I don't know why but that's all.
Nothing much people on the phone can do other than user experience and the personalities and stuff like that I don't know what you're asking okay bye hello?.
No one could really seem to answer (unclear) they're saying oh well you have to pay ten percent you know well six sixty eight (unclear) twenty six thousand is not ten percent.
I can't think of anything you could've done better on the call I mean your employees are just wonderful it's like talking to friends when they help you.
So I don't know (unclear) maybe it's me at the doctor's office.
My saying is when you've had the best you don't need the rest and I have the best I have UHC.
I have absolutely no complaints I love UHC you've got fantastic people working for you.
(Unclear) automated person because they don't understand nothing.
I think you did a good job as it was.
This gentleman that answered my call today does not need to be in customer service and he has.
So yeah you need to follow up with this.
So somebody please return and I'll give you an earful about this.
I don't know what the PPO does.
It doesn't do anything as far as insurance is concerned but not as good as my HMO so I'm not gonna change.
And there are a number of things that United Healthcare have some issues with covering and we have to go out of pocket in order to have it supplied.
You guys are doing a wonderful job of making a person feel comfortable talking about some of the things that you wouldn't normally talk to a person about.
I don't think you know you guys can improve anything.
So they need to pay more attention to the customers to the clients and you know do the job right because they're representing a good company a good insurance company and they need to be more knowledgeable more courteous and patient.
I just didn't expect papers that came through the mail to have wrong information but that's not your fault but so thank you.
The one thing that the health care can do better for us is cut out that crazy system the donut hole and $500 for a few pens that when we have insurance that we get for $100 it's a crazy crazy system you are imposing on the American citizen anybody in the world can buy their drugs for less money then we buy in the United States you are ripping us off thank you.
So maybe you didn't pay somebody that wasn't supposed to be paid and she's gonna check into it further.
When you get to talk to a real person it's wonderful.
All your people that work there are so helpful in everything they do and I thank God that we have a United Healthcare and well med and everything that y'all are with.
The one thing you could've done and I hate to put any kind of a notice on somebody that needs a job.
You couldn't had done a better greater job because everything.
When they don't want to take a call they just uh oh we got disconnected.
So anyway I don't like your supervisors.
I don't like your department and your poor customer representatives have to deal with it.
You all need to speak to your supervisors and tell them that when they don't want to answer a call that they shouldn't hang up.
Be nice someday to have less pain in my leg.
Well what you could do better is inform the patient to a more positive result.
I think you guys deliberately make it impossible for people to file claims so you don't have to pay them.
That's my opinion and that's why I would not recommend you.
It took an awful long time (unclear) both departments you know I just think it'd be easier (unclear) if it happens again rather than do this.
But today I called your Optum RX people and it's not them.
So either they are all away for a vacation or I don't know what you're doing.
You can't have them repeating the same thing over and over again.
Either get us in a call line where you call us back when they're ready or something is wrong.
I'm gonna let you go.
And y'all better hold on to a good worker like Mary 'cause she broke them benefits down.
I wanna say Isaiah but it's not.
anytime I get a chance and so whoever is listening to this have a great weekend.
We are very happy with the insurance company and there's really nothing that we can say bad about it.
The people are respectful and they actually take care of the problem instead of passing the (unclear) and I really like that.
that you could do better for me I think your wonderful.
Or at least have your customer service reps have enough training to know when they're not telling the clients the truth.
So I'm getting very suspicious if you really don't want these really kind of great surveys.
your customer service make it personal make it easy and they are so so helpful.
I want every single one on my husband's records Harold Nallon and Irene Nallon to get gold stars because none of them have ever failed me and yet I get busy signals so often when I try to do the surveys to give them the pat on the back they deserve.
I want to do the right thing by the people that you.
that work for you and I want to do the right thing for this company.
Have a good day and please keep in mind busy signals on the survey just doesn't work.
So if they did there job this survey really on it here is just wrong and you'll go ahead and chastise the agent on this here.
Please somebody see what's going on with my claims.
You might want to fix that because most of us older citizens with AARP cannot handle a website that difficult.
You take care of yourself and like I said take care of your (unclear).
Actually Jordan didn't need to do anything other than what he did he's very good at his job give him a raise okay thanks bye.
make a note of that and I thank you again for UHC okay bye bye.
It's working great and I just believe if it's not broke don't fix it and I think they're doing a good job no problems.
But I need someone to tell me what's going on you know 'cause it says call this number for information.
And I call for information but the person responding doesn't really understand what she's doing so help thanks bye now.
yeah we've taking it off but I could have.
Unfortunately cheaper prices but we can live with this.
(Unclear) what they can do (unclear).
OK to everyone from the Philippines Filipinas and also to everyone from Manilla who takes care of themselves and also to everyone.
and like I said you take care of yourself and your family.
And like I said you take care of yourself little sister.
So I just wish that you would do a better job for all the money that I'm paying.
I think your automated system is excellent and I think all your representatives are excellent.
You know ain't no other way you did it.
And take care of yourself Lenny and like I said.
I hope you and your father does real well.
Saying to everyone in Manila and also to take care of yourself Filipinas Filipinos.
Like I said you take care sweetheart and like I said take care of your family as well.
Just don't understand anything about what happened I don't understand anything it I didn't get anything resolved I'm gonna have to talk to my agent and I'm very upset that's all I can say I have always thought UHC was excellent but I didn't know extra help was canceled I don't know who canceled it why it was canceled and now I'm in a mess this is Ms (unclear) I'm sorry.
And the mail that I get (unclear) do I need this do I need that but who's (unclear) going right going left anyway thank you bye bye.
I don't know you said could you repeat that computer? Well we're very satisfied with the service today.
Like I said take care of yourself darling.
Like I said hope you get what you want in life dear from your teachers and your Masters Degree.
Also if I have my way about it we'll see each other.
Extremely high but everything and everything else people do (unclear) and we appreciate it.
If they could just talk slower then it would be much easier to understand and not have to say what did you say ten times.
So take care of your self darling and also have yourself a happy holiday also and take care of your family as well.
Again as always those of us on fixed incomes could really use some help in reducing the price of these drugs from the manufacturers.
I don't know what you could have done better it's hart to fix stupidity have a good day bye.
But as long as I get it that's all I can ask and you folks did a wonderful job of trying to do that.
So if it's okay I think you should leave it as it is.
You took care of the problem and we're very satisfied.
It's good to hear you from you little sister.
I'll have to find out when I call you back at another time because I get differing results from differing people but from this last representative everything sounds like it's a benefit of mine and we'll see you next time.
Thank you we'll just have to follow up I guess.
Y'all better hold on to a good worker like Angela.
And y'all better hold on to a good worker like Angela because you don't come across a good worker like her.
She can teach all y'all a thing or two about customer service.
No I don't think there's anything in the phone call though you could do a lot better on your (unclear) because you have nothing (unclear) which is what I need but Mister mike was able to help me with that and I appreciate it very much.
Couldn't have done better thank you bye.
And how you can iron out pricing out over the year to make it a little more (unclear) somebody's budget.
Maybe there's something better that you offer that would have lower drug costs.
So this is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia and take care your of (unclear).
Actually what you're doing for me is awesome and right now I can't think of anything better that you could have done that you haven't already done.
However sometimes it's just a little hard to understand maybe perhaps someone that has an accent which they can't help but that could possibly be influenced you know that's all hard to understand on the phone.
So I don't know (unclear) great customer service.
The representatives that you have answering the phone half of them are very good half are very bad.
You need to do more training or (unclear) or hire better people.
If not please give UHC another call and they will be more than happy.
I (unclear) did a great job except for those didn't know about Zinfal or the Medicare benefits.
And I just want someone to go on record knowing that you have one good employee and one that needs to be retrained.
So that's all I have to say about that and I like my dental coverage okay bye bye for now.
You guys are great and no problems and I appreciate you're help.
Oh I don't know what you could've done other than the information you give me I don't think there is anything else.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
And also coming from West Virginia and trust me I will always be your big brother.
You take care of yourself darling.
So you have a lovely nice Memorial Day and take care of yourself Krista.
I have nothing add to make the service better.
You folks do an excellent job for me and I appreciate you so much having my drug insurance with you.
So take care darling so take care of your lovely parents as well.
So unless there is better system set up where the representative can you know actually visualize actually whether or not something was faxed over or received.
It's just I have hearing problems so it wasn't you it's me.
Maybe on the list if we were covered by dental but I'm not sure you have to get a writer.
They take care of it with you and it's done.
Unfortunately your plan sucks and I'm gonna have to stop and find another plan.
I'm gonna have to switch plans thank you very much bye.
Great company you got great people keep doing what you're doing United Health bye.
This is to this goes out to my favorite big sister (unclear) you take care of my big sister and also hope you take care of your other members as well.
I'll probably be calling her back or you back to further my service with UHC.
Take care of yourself Katie and also I'm glad to be part of your health care family.
Take care of yourself and also I hope to speak to you again.
Take care of yourself sweetheart and like I said don't let nobody get in your pants dear and like I said buy pepper spray.
I think United Health ought to do something about that (unclear) think (unclear) that's not right.
Because you know you're gonna be in the hospital for several days you ought to all be responsible for that that's part of your surgery (unclear) part of it you're responsible thank you.
In other words that the person that would get involved with the Express Scripts instead of us having to do it because sometimes it's not real pleasant.
Well you guys are doing fine and I don't see any recommendation that I could submit and if you get continue to proceed and do this way that you've been doing right I think everything will be okay for all of us.
Does not change the fact that we have a terrible problem getting stuff approved by you.
It's just insurance claims are very daunting to most of us normal people and trying to figure out what gets paid and what doesn't get paid.
if there's some way to improve it would be that I don't get sent a denied a claim when it's not in fact denied.
You could've got me to the right section first and put (unclear) but I don't have eye coverage.
But I'm telling you people try all you can.
The plan if this then you get something else and so forth.
It's a great feeling to have someone to care that much.
I mean nobody likes to speak about insurance and Medicare and all that but Thomas was extremely nice.
I hope that it takes care of my problem.
Honestly I can't think of what you could do better and when I go to retire I'm definitely picking up UHC.
Yeah the one thing that you could do better but this is when you recommend people use your auto line.
You have the auto line and then you have the person rep line where you talk to the individual.
Believe me you're losing your customers doing that.
For the money we pay come on guys.
Keep on doing what you do.
I'm a new customer I have to be more in touch with you all (unclear) what can you do for me.
Been with you for years and we hope to stay that way.
No you guys did really good for me.
I just appreciate the fact that the people talk slow so I can understand what they're trying to tell me.
So I have no problem with you guys.
Find me a caregiver but I don't think that's possible.
needs to be set up so that you can understand what we are asking about what we are calling about.
I appreciate their courteous service timely service give you all the information go over it and very clear.
they're gonna cut me off now and I didn't talk to anybody other than giving me the lousy survey.
You did good your company did a good job today.
The people that come on the phone and have (unclear) consideration that people have poor hearing so they need to speak clearly and slowly.
He's a good guy you know.
With this problem if you would like to write to me to you have (unclear).
I think that's (unclear) the best you can do.
I think UHC people hire warm person that really care for the other people.
I said you better get insurance from this AARP.
Just let me talk to somebody that would be nice.
I hope this information she'll share internally and save somebody else from being scammed.
Let me know what the problem is.
There needs to be more people like her.
There's really nothing except that I suppose I didn't really understand how much we would be billed and the donut hole and all that business.
It almost seems like maybe we would be helped more with a catastrophic situation but it's okay we're glad we have our insurance and we appreciate your explaining it.
Just wanna make sure (unclear) updated in the system (unclear) people take (unclear) so just make sure to keep the system updated and (unclear) more doctors so everybody can be seen.
So they represent United Health in the highest professional standard and I appreciate that and they're a excellent person to have in your corporation.
I don't know what to say except these two people were angels from heaven especially Ivan.
He deserves a big big big whatever you people give for special people.
What you have to get your agents to do is respond to what the customer wants.
So because we have prescriptions to get and everything else.
You were very good we're now just waiting on the provider to complete the issue and resolve it satisfactorily.
I think when you send out a statement that shows a particular item not being covered.
Probably because I don't see very well I can't usually dial very well.
Some of the people there are not understanding and kind of want to rush through.
I don't think you could have done anything better today that was in the customer service agent's jurisdiction or mine.
You know however my concern goes a little bit further up with the decision making with the CEOs I guess of UHC and with our union officials that make the contract.
Oh I don't know I guess I have so many problems I don't know where to start.
Oh we didn't need anything better than what the customer support told us.
So your system needs to be working better.
I don't know if it was the associate's fault or not most likely not but for people like myself on oxygen there needs to be more places that people could call to have their units repaired.
So maybe if you could expand your oxygen companies that would be helpful for someone like me.
I do not have any problems with the people on the phone.
I thought Medicare was always the top I'll say top dog so to speak.
And you folks were just taking over where Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Not anything your person on the other end in Texas did a great job.
The transportation is very well and the doctors I go see all of them have all of them.
Extend the knowledge around here at least about ten towns so this way people have a choice either to get it there or to go to somewhere else.
You call them up and they're busy.
I appreciate having insurance with you guys.
But since it cost me too much you wouldn't help me.
I love it a whole lot better than Blue Cross Blue Shield.
People should be aware there that there are those of us who have legitimate chronic pain issues-.
And we think your we think we're with one fine healthcare company.
I could get more help for the (unclear) problem that I have.
The next thing is (unclear) people you give me.
But anyway the thing is you need to keep your doctors updated.
He kept saying don't be sorry just don't be sorry we're gonna get through this.
Definitely trying to fix my issues and I appreciate that.
I guess the letters that we get that are generated are a little vague.
Get rid of Silverback because they don't know all the circumstances of a person that's gonna have surgery.
And all they wanna do is alternative medicine and I've been on this route before and it never works.
But one thing that the corporation can do is continue to train the customer service reps in the same manner that she was trained and hire the proper people.
I don't like health insurance companies they all stink except for you all.
And the Medicare advance plan is the best for people like me.
You done great I don't know else can I ask.
It really wants you wanna be sick so to speak or injured so you can deal with somebody this great.
If they could have more people guarding around there that's running from the people trying to stop them because they knew they had no business running there.
If there's anyway you can possibly put that as one of the gyms that maybe we can join that would be nice.
Because they have very good classes that are good for senior citizens to get involved in and be active and healthy.
Just keep doing what you're doing and it's.
Not sure at this time cuz we need to investigate why the insurance isn't covering psychiatric care.
It seems like the plans just keep going up in cost and they cover less.
I don't know what that's about.
I just think the information of finding an in network provider should have been more streamlined.
I've had them for more than 6 years and they say that they're out of network and they don't accept the insurance.
Either way thank you very much and I would love if you could fix this because the patients are the ones who are suffering because of this.
The one thing that Social Security can do for people when renewal programs come up they should send people a letter.
Well knowledgeable she know whatever the question she know the answer.
And I know y'all do a lot of good things.
I'd like to know why the difference in the price why the difference in what we are expected to pay.
And most of all why it is this deductible seems to bounce around we have no idea what they're doing from year to year.
what they receive from the people everything would be smoother you know.
The one thing you could've done better is to charge less money.
So I don't understand that whole thing.
So I really can't have a complaint they didn't you know weren't able to help me but that gentleman responded.
That's all you need to do is stay the way you are.
Just don't think you can improve on perfection thank you.
I cannot find any fault with your company at all.
Have a book that's not so complicated to figure out what labs are covered or not covered.
Just keep it the way it was.
What you guys can do better is improve the transportation when a driver from Medica be the same person who takes you as the one who picks you up.
I guess a good job.
Would be to change that so that when you say mail it's excepted on that screen.
The only thing you could've done better was lower the co pay and physical therapy.
It just took a while to find a way to lower this cost but they did help me and thank you.
The only thing is that I have a collective bills and I've been trying to take care of it for a little while now.
I was just questioning some things I didn't quite understand so maybe the next time I call I'll get a better idea.
Yeah the best thing you could do is update that recorded message that we have.
(Unclear) that Medicare from killing me but that's not completely your fault.
Well I don't know if there's anything better than UHC.
Just I can't say enough lot of good things about her.
And we just we appreciate what y'all are doing for the people on (unclear).
Just have better coverage for people that are on your program and try to do a better job in covering more things that will help us older folks.
What you expect people to do when they're having dental surgery.
Your representative represented your company with a speedy core so yeah there wasn't anything that he couldn't have done that could've been done.
So I think you're doing a good job.
It sounds like the plan is gonna keep people pursuing their health and preventive care.
I think that's very poor medicine.
I'm very happy with the service of United Healthcare and the only thing I think that if you would shorten it to 1 to 5 instead of 1 to 10 it would be easier.
(Unclear) could've did better for me is you all need to let people know when you all are charging them something.
Or when they thing they're paying for something they're not really paying for.
I don't know what's going on with these insurance companies.
So apparently us older people can't seem to catch the hearing or whatever so just please give the number slower and maybe do it at least twice.
You could not your representative could not have did anything better more to make my to meet my requirements for today's issue.
I couldn't ask for any better service thank you very much.
Eliminate the initial tape message trying to direct me some place I didn't wanna go.
And even though you send in a paper saying that it was denied on paper and then they think that they gotta do another process.
I hope that in the future is that I have (unclear) problem I may have to reconsider where I'm going to go do my business with the insurance.
You know I'm gonna tell people you know how nice she was.
I realize you're probably trying to determine that I'm not a robot but some of the pictures are very hard to identify unless you have 50 inch screen or something.
Just so you know as you do provide very high quality service and we've been very pleased with our plan.
But pleasant to the max and you're very lucky to have Javier working there especially with this particular type of plan which caters to people like me who are 65 and over.
I just I'm worried that they're not correct which wouldn't be her fault but I just I don't know how to find out the right answers to stuff.
I guess you just screwed don't you.
And I don't mean by you I mean by the whole medical industry and I don't know that's it.
I really appreciate the time taken by Jim to get my problem resolved.
But you know hey you girls are good.
I'm really happy with treatment I get on the phone so you all are doing a great job.
I would've liked to known the name of business just not the doctor's name.
You solved my problems and thank you.
Well I'll tell you you finally I finally got somebody that could resolve my issue after 4 times of trying to get it resolved and it was a very simple issue simple resolution to it and I think sometimes you need to revamp some of your people.
I don't see nothing and thank you.
overall I think the call and your service is very good.
really can't see anyway to.
Needless to say they tell me to just throw away the bill and that's what I do and I don't hear anymore.
So I don't know whether they're at fault or maybe your information needs to be made easier or updated for them.
You should tell people if you need to speak to somebody push 0 so they can talk about their personal benefits.
So (unclear) what you're going to do about that? Okay thank you.
I think the only thing that you could've done better would be to have a better phone connection.
Y'all doing a whole lot and I (unclear) doing because (unclear) helped a lot I would recommend anybody with the UHC program.
it hank you very much.
The one thing you could have done better for me is hire more ladies that just helped me figure out what I'm supposed to do about my prescription.
Yeah everything you know okay.
So it's time saving for you people and time saving for the (unclear) because when the (unclear) America it should be automatically there should be no (unclear) customer is (unclear).
Just keep asking the non sense questions date of birth what is your address how long you been there I mean ask the stupid questions.
You couldn't cut the cost here and there just to make ends meet.
I know you could care less because there's a lot of people that you have this preferred care but this is one person that is absolutely a poor of the way you carry on business.
Isn't that why people go generic to save money.
You people should be ashamed of yourself.
So you can better a little more well for us people that speak Spanish in your formularies it says that you have people who speak Spanish and when you call they don't have anyone.
I think you guys are doing a good job.
hopefully you solved my problem.
You can't be happy with the prescription.
I guess if you would have known what my 20% was gonna be for my hospitalization and that's all and that's really not that important.
I'm not hard of hearing (unclear) or anything like that but I could barely keep up with her and I know that in my age group if you're talking at 90 miles an hour people are going to either nod and smile and not know what you said or whatever.
Have people that answer the phone calls be more educated in the what they offer.
So you might have someone look into that and change the booklet so it's not confusing in the future for other people.
So you can't do anything better for me.
just don't worry about it.
You could've done better to have the representative have the information.
How can that possibly be? Thank you very much for your time.
She's a Godsend to be working for you guys.
You could've had the accounting people get in touch with me.
Because they don't care about their job they don't care about getting stuff done correctly.
Everyone was so clueless so I don't know where that began but your not communicating with your customer service representatives of your customer service representatives are just so rigid with there protocols that they can't think outside the box which is really unfortunate.
Livid I'm absolutely livid I would not recommend you guys at all I would not recommend you for anything what so ever.
My voice is not able to holler my medical condition won't even allow me to holler at this time and I don't holler.
And I believe this will solve my problem and my dental work okay that's all.
And I'm hoping that you will honor the request for us to be reinstated in on June 1st instead of July 1st because we do need to have a doctor.
So that's the only complaint I have is that we you know might have to wait a month or 2 months so anyway that's it.
So far you guys do a good job.
It's nice to be able to talk to a human being on the phone.
Pretend to talk to me instead of my husband.
My husband isn't here and I guess some question they wouldn't answer me because it's my husband and not me.
You all need to do a better job of getting people their.
We have to pay (unclear) over seas and then when we get back (unclear) reimburse us.
Do I just hang up or are you going to do it for me?.
It takes them time to finish up working with somebody else and so I think that's that would be a very difficult thing for somebody (unclear) just have to wait.
We have to wait until they finish up with a customer and then they start with us and pick up all the things that we have to ask for and so you know you just have to just kind a you know sit and relax.
Your automated person can't understand me and I can't understand it.
Take care of my beautiful Joyce and like I said I'm glad you're a nurse now dear.
I didn't like to talk with the automated machine because sometimes they don't understand me.
y'all have sub contracted or whatever you do is not very on the ball.
'Cause you already allow for credit cards and something else which I forget.
Fix my problem that I have.
And consequently my cancer is coming back again because I don't have the money to do it and no way to raise it.
(unclear) a co pay and I didn't quite understand that.
2012 and I guess they don't see anything anymore.
didn't understand (unclear) get that right so.
I don't know whether your plan has this or not.
Also I haven't called these doctors yet.
I don't know if this is the same feedback you wanna hear.
In reality I believe everything is well and I don't believe you need to make any changes up 'til now (unclear).
It would be nice if you did not outsource all of your phone calls to a foreign country where it's difficult to understand the person speaking.
That's the only thing that I can think that will help because the pharmacy the pharmaceutical companies are charging too much.
Hi this is Susan (unclear) and I wouldn't give you anything to change.
I just have a maybe a little less waiting time but thank you bye.
So I don't know where UHC comes in at this at all.
I don't know what that one thing is that you could've done better for me.
She's an asset to UHC and I love you people.
I thank you and this is why I stay with preferred care.
I don't know of a thing that could have been done better unless you can reduce all of the prices of medical care.
So there has to be some changes and it's making it very difficult for your reps to service us and they're all very patient beyond patient.
So if we had more people like Robin we'd be doing a big service to everybody.
Would like to have better understood about the difference in an annual physical and an annual wellness checkup and what's covered and what's not but I think I understand I it's probably ignorance on my part.
So if you continue to have these kind of people answering your phone everything will stay fine.
So you can't ask for more than that.
I wish you had more people like (unclear).
I'm gonna have to call you back I guess.
So in the future if it could actually just say yes or no that you're covered and what it covers would be helpful.
Well you couldn't do anything better than what you have done.
Well I don't think you can do any better because everything looks like it's alright.
I wish the insurance would cover me a little bit more and that's about it thank you kindly.
I guess the only thing is to let me know if this is.
The thing that you can do better is the ambulance fee is very expensive for the people who cannot afford a heavy bill like that.
You keep saying that I can't have that medicine I need a different kind.
I don't understand why we even got this letter saying that we didn't have coverage when we did.
I do like your insurance services.
Maybe if it was just maybe wait a few more seconds before saying that it can't get the number would really be a big help at least for old folks like me that have somewhat impaired vision.
there wasn't nothing else she could do for me and so she needs some more people like that on the job.
Your providers are not so much that great but thank you.
And we're a joint couple I think it's at my age I don't need surveys like that it doesn't make any sense to me.
Have someone that speaks clearer English please.
The explanation of the coverages is confusing and different people that speak with say different things.
couldn't understand (unclear) very well.
My name is (unclear) there's nothing else that you could do better because you're doing it already so just please keep up the good work and I appreciate y'all accepting me into the company thank y'all so much.
So just keep up the good work and I would not change anything.
Nobody takes that insurance and I don't know why.
Well you didn't do anything different.
I couldn't figure nothing y'all can do better than you're already doing.
I'm sorry I didn't understand that.
And they cancel you around and then it ends up hanging up on you on your automated system.
Make my drugs less expensive I know that's not your issue but still it would be helpful thank you goodbye.
some kind of better options for when people get into their coverage gap so that they don't have to turn around and end up paying out more money than.
On there for their prescriptions because people that are poor or on Social Security they can't afford that much money so if there's something that can be done for that.
Get rid of the d*** computer I gotta talk to.
I'm not sure it's anything you all can do anything about it's just coordinating with Medicare it's just a pain.
But and that's nothing against you it's against I think the hospital service and their billing.
Oh nothing could've been done better the representative that I spoke to went out of her call of duty to help me out more employees should be like that with their companies thank you so much.
The first 2 people came across as being ignorant they couldn't pronounce drug names they didn't have good training.
I think that you're dong the best you can there's some things that are not in your control but I was calling about was the fact that I'm in I what's the representative called the donut hole which I wasn't as aware of as I needed to be anyway for the most part I think things are going well thank you bye bye.
You couldn't have done anything any better they you have great information out there it's wonderful I'd recommend it to anyone.
I think for how much money we pay you and premiums there should be a lot better coverage than there is.
Makes us wonder why we have the insurance if you're going to deny most of the claims.
That's very hard for a person of our age even though we can hear pretty we can understand pretty well.
You hear the other customer service agents talking also at the same time and it's just very disconcerting.
You guys are doing a fine job.
I guess y'all are different or something.
Once again please make it easier to speak to a human being.
No it would have been better if we had never ask you and didn't have to bother you (unclear).
You done it as good as you do it so.
They never completely answer they side step all the answers.
You people out to be glad you have an employee like this individual I can't pronounce their name.
I can't think of anything that you could improve better except keep on hiring employees like this person.
If I was a manager there hey I wouldn't I'd be so thrilled with this person that's how you can improve is to hire people like this individual just keep people for you like this person.
Your representative and that just did a beautiful job on several issues.
(Unclear) did a great job taking care of me.
But it's still a little confusion for a senior citizen to understand really what this Manage Plan is with the UHC as opposed to straight Medicare.
I don't know that there's a thing other than better pharmaceutical or preventative coverage.
I guess it's protocol from you know from UHC.
if it's cheaper than whatever it will show zero and I can't get anybody that will help me.
There are some people who are hard of hearing.
And I think the operator or the people who are ready to help the customers like me should be able to really inform the customers (unclear) of the pitfalls.
So they are (unclear) very helpful for a lot of people like me.
And I think it would be good for you also for the company that it takes care of all the patients here.
He had all the information I didn't have to give him anything and I really appreciate that somebody at your end has been able to take care of it for me.
And I think that the 25 dollars per physical therapy is out of line.
agent or whatever you call them Tony was great.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
I like how quick you guys answer the phone.
I like how fast you guys are usually able to solve whatever the issue is.
say I will be done much better in the future.
And you know it just really disgusting how things change and you don't even get information on it.
Maybe all the other things that you could provide are shorter wait time.
Everybody has questions so I know that's beyond your control.
They said they were USA but I don't believe it and if you've changed go back to your old methods please.
It should be explained before hand that there is a charge for the lab if they do any lab on you.
Ms Barbara broke them benefits now everybody here watch Ms Barbara she could teach them a thing or 2 about customer service.
Y'all better hold onto a good worker like Ms Barbara 'cause you don't come across a good worker like her.
Ms Barbara deserve a raise if anybody deserve a raise Ms Barbara deserve one look into and make it happen.
And Ms Barbara deserve a recognizing bonus Ms Barbara will make a good supervisor 'cause she already good at customer service.
Well it's just false advertising so it's nobody's fault.
I don't see how you could've done a better job.
I wasn't satisfied with your provider not with Y'all so.
I just don't understand why you'd send me a.
so please correct that.
I think the thing I would change is that automated system sometimes they don't understand me.
And it's frustrating how you have to go back and forth and it's just I just don't like that automated system but I know that's where you have to go these days but otherwise a man named Casey helped me.
I am going to write a letter to the (unclear) saying I think they need to change their policy on something but it has nothing to do with your service.
And no I would not use you again and no I have already recommended to many of my friends that they do not use you.
it's usually not your employee's fault because somebody's not training them well and it's hard to learn all the information.
You know that's not changing a drug.
You make it harder than it needs to be.
I'd like to tell you that I like you don't have to go through a thousand questions before you get to an associate.
So I really don't need (unclear) but you're doing a great job.
continue to waste your time with me.
You all are always just fine when I call you.
But I'm told it's against Medicare policy so it's not your fault.
So good for you guys to have someone like Frankie on board.
If all your workers that way you got a great company.
You (unclear) done the I really don't know.
Y'all say we can and I just don't understand why iron and that's very common people (unclear) anemic have to take iron.
I'm sorry I have MS and I can't remember her name.
Stop having people sign you up and you don't sign papers.
I don't even know if they're tier three or tier four or whatever but are really quite expensive still.
You could've done something right away but I know that's not possible.
Keep doing the same thing keep training the customer service advocates 'cause these men and women are right on spot.
Web site is very difficult to navigate (unclear) person who could help me a great deal.
But based on your customer representative's comments I believe that it was.
I do have a comment about all the paper work that you guys send.
I think when you have a complex case you need to have a special department that just handles those cases that are not the run of the mill questions about medical insurance.
The one thing you could've did better (unclear) nothing change and let things just stay as they is thank you.
It's nicer to talk to a human or at least have the option of pressing zero or whatever right at the beginning of the call if that's what we choose and then talk to an actual human.
Not make excuses for how the system worked because the system doesn't work.
Also and your best friend from West Virginia so Myra this is from your best friend and your big brother so take care of yourself darling.
Simplify the website it's extremely confusing and complicated and hard to manipulate I mean it's just hard to understand so simplify the website please that's it.
I don't can't think of anything that would make your service better youth an excellent representative and I enjoyed doing business with her.
You know to be honest with you I do not have a clue what you could have done better.
I don't know of anyway to improve it and I hope it works for you and continues in the future and other customers thank you now.
You only pretended that you (unclear) so thank you anyway.
I don't think you can put aside anything new for him because he has.
When we pay you we pay you every time every year with no bias or lacking.
I'd rather speak to a human voice because it's difficult when you're putting in numbers on the phone if you're doing the right thing and it seems to be a little problem there.
The one thing you could have done better for me is have people that know what they're talking about.
So I really should not have given her a 4 since you all cannot do anything about this problem anyway.
And it seems like there's no doctors that deal with psychology in this area.
psychologists don't like to take Medicare.
Instead of you know just like other things they just be automatic but you have to actually do something for (unclear) this is ridiculous.
I don't think she could've done a better job.
I don't know what to say because of the (unclear) a good person.
They need to commend him and they need to commend him verbiage wise word wise but financially.
I wish you would cover eyeglasses so there not so expensive.
Well wasn't so much the the person helping me but I don't understand why my policy starts in two days.
But they just can't get the information they need from your system for whatever reason that is.
Think this person needs to be retrained on how to handle people particularly elderly people who may not hear well and may not understand the jargon of the industry.
7045344500 if you'd like to discuss this further.
But you know I'm hoping that they still do a good job.
I appreciate him working with me and I can't think of anything to change.
And I think there should be more explanation on your mailed billing than there is.
Well actually I think you covered all of our questions.
I don't have any suggestions other than I hope that they stay with the company 'cause that's why I stay with UHC.
Just continue what you are doing.
And I can't say enough good things him being one of your employees.
either (unclear) all over the state are wonderful and they're helpful.
I appreciate everything y'all have done for me.
That they haven't receive any information is why I give a zero.
You really need to bring them back because us old folks like to eat.
This is the worst service that I have ever experienced and I pray to God nobody else has (unclear) especially the elderly people that call.
So it's something that Medicare should be aware of.
So it's something we'd appreciate you reviewing and considering covering in the future.
I under you made me understand what's going on with my medicine.
And thank you for being around when I need you.
Expressing the tier what they mean and why the prices of medications are so high.
Because you know you think of this in a certain way.
You know it's like duh we'll get it for you.
Like I said he is a real asset to your company and don't let him go now.
So keep doing what you're doing.
Apparently the procedures that are there in place this is not working very it not are not.
So if before people start looking for information you might tell them oh we're going to need a phone number.
We're going to need Social Security numbers whatever it is you're going to need.
Tell people up front that you need them so they can get all that information together.
So take care of yourself day to my little sister bye darling.
Sometimes it takes two or three times you know so a little bit of waiting longer so a person can you know type in their stuff at a moderate pace.
I don't blame the person who talked to me.
But it seems that people making decisions don't seem to care about me.
Sincerely I couldn't tell you how to improve because all the people who assist the person are excellent.
So other than (unclear) I don't think there exists another word to rate you.
I think you did a pretty good job I'm gonna give you a 10 I'll give you an A+.
Very professional I can't make any suggestions just everything's great.
And I think that you have good people there with AARP so this (unclear) and if you have more questions I will answer them.
I am totally happy with my experience there's nothing you can change.
And every time you they switch you to somebody else you have to go through the same litany.
I like to dedicate to getting this thing taken care of once and for all.
So if you could just do the online with credit cards it'd be perfect.
I'm hoping to like the service and I'll let you know later what I think but right now it seems to be a good deal and I thank you so much.
Okay this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia calling to saying to all everybody in Manila also to all Filipinos Philippines and also this is a special advocate her name is Johnna.
Also take care my baby girl and I love my little sister.
You take care of yourself and also try to be brave now.
So take care and also big brother from West Virginia is real concerned about you dear.
No I think everything was good you I can't think of anything.
Yes my name is Kenneth Fofte my phone number is 3092566406 you wanna do something better don't hang up on me when I ask a question.
And get somebody under who works there that understands the English language knows how to spell things and isn't out like this rude crude.
And when they can't answer your questions they hang up on you.
That's what you could do to make me happy until then I'm gonna keep calling you until I get my questions answered that's what I pay you for.
There are no issues at this time you guys did a good job appreciate that.
Some of your representatives have very heavy accents and it's hard to understand them sometimes.
It will not pay for their medication as what we need to have.
I don't know how it could be improved other than maybe a little faster on the computer work on your end.
So I can't do it until after the fact (unclear) writes them to thank you very much.
I am of Polish German dialect and I speak it fluently why isn't there a German or Polish introduction to your business.
And I was told that it is I don't need to have that continue to go up or I won't have the procedure and then I'll die on you and you'll be happy bye.
I don't recommend anything other than you know everything is right.
I think you guys are doing a good job.
One thing I think is they're going to have to fix the database about the voice prompt because sometimes you cannot hear it you know and it can be very confusing.
It keeps saying I don't understand you I don't understand you so that's a big probably particularly if you're a senior citizen.
I'm not hard of hearing you know I'm advocating that but they need to look into that about the voice prompt because it's very irritating.
But as far as your representative you couldn't have anybody any better and more knowledgeable.
It's very difficult for people to have to go through these things with their doctors over and over.
So good job to all that I spoke to today and keep up the good work.
Just probably have a few more people in network.
your representative who did a lot of research for me.
Your people didn't understand or know about tiers as it relates to doctors.
So you need to improve that service so that we don't have to go through 3 tiers or.
The only thing better would be to lower my copays.
Made me comfortable (unclear) rep and so forth (unclear) all I can say is keep the quality of good work up.
That would be nice if you could pay my bills that I didn't have to no I'm just kidding of course thank you.
Make the delivery a little bit faster if you could please thank you.
The one thing y'all could do best is train y'all representative into given the customer the right information you know the first time.
I just wish the whole system would be a lot easier or non existent and we just have the single party payer.
I'm just doing their work for them in a way but I want to get my share paid.
I had excellent customer service and really there isn't anything else.
I hate your (unclear) well.
Sometimes I think the headsets or whatever you're using there have broken wires in them.
And you people have a good summer.
So it's just a matter of getting to the right people with United Healthcare that we can get a issue took care of.
I feel like I have been helped with this medicine and I hate that our health care is going to what it is 'cause it's just it's unreal that you have to do all this for a medicine that you have to take.
I don't like taking it but it makes me well.
You know what I leave these messages all the time and I say the same thing.
And I get these print outs on what's covered and not covered on a regular basis and there's so many pages it's crazy and the way it's printed and line up to read is it's so hard.
I don't know why you have to go across from page to page and turn the next page and it's upside down.
You really need to put it from the top to the bottom where you can just turn the page like a book so we can understand what we're looking at better.
I just there's too much talking you know before you actually get to the place that you want to be but I guess nothing is perfect so everybody tries.
I would really add to change it because I've know we've gotten A plus service.
I guess you couldn't do anything better because when she called the hospital NYU she couldn't get through.
The only improvement I would say would be to educate them on the major medical spinners that dominate so quick.
If everyone is treated this way you guys are truly outstanding.
you guys and myself we don't know what they're going to put a claim in for for my wrist braces.
And the other thing is it will not even pay for my doctor's visit.
You know? It just makes me mad.
You don't have to change it don't have to add all your representatives and employees are very nice and courteous.
It's just that the problem is we sometimes receive these forms and we don't understand what it they want to know and what the questions are.
Your paper work would be clearer so that the person on the phone didn't have to understand denial because it really isn't the denial.
Unfortunately some of my things are not covered by the insurance but that's the policy so that's the way it is.
they don't know what they're doing or where they're going.
I am going to reach out to see what else I can do with my healthcare providers but there maybe nothing but this is going to be really difficult.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
It's much easier and much quicker if you have someone that you can talk to after maybe one transfer.
But when you deal with Optum Rx either way you get a inconsistent (unclear) by one.
They did a very good job of explaining what you have to offer.
So thank you (unclear) AARP Medicare I appreciate the good handling of your employees and the way then they handle us.
Just keep them like she is.
Can't (unclear) better you all do good now.
Why do you have to mess with things.
Why can't you just leave things alone.
You know it's bad enough your insurance rates are as high as they are.
But then you want to go and change programs and do all this and do all that.
And when you're on Social Security and you only got one income that's not possible to be done.
So quit spending money on foolish things.
Old people like us don't know how to keep changing things around.
You change this we don't know how to do it.
Maybe in the future if we could maybe get a list of doctors that are in our plan.
Gave me a peaceful mind and we both think that some of the stuff considering they helped me send (unclear) claims to you all and they are trying to make me pay 180 dollars for stuff that I did not do.
Which is really important for when you're discussing you know medical issues.
So I suggest you get all of your gentleman in there maybe even people who have retired from other insurance jobs and get them working and what these youngsters go deliver pizzas or whatever until they get their head on their shoulders right.
People like her are people that you need.
Certainly not about health care 'cause people usually do not have any choice.
Send people home when they are sick so that when they talk to you you can understand what they're saying or they can hear what you're asking.
I mean nobody gives you a straight answer anymore.
So many places that you call for customer service you know you wait for awhile so again you all are doing a great job as far as I'm concerned.
So I don't know I'm gonna call the hospital and see if I can get to the bottom of this.
It's very confusing to the user public to have formularies be changing all the time.
So I think we're gonna have a good time with your insurance company.
She's just a wonderful person she's an asset to your company and I hope you will reward her.
it really defeats the purpose you know of your health (unclear).
I'm sure there are things that could be improved but I can't think of them now.
And the truth is the company and the people (unclear) very professional and (unclear).
They didn't get it even hung up on me once I really hate that automated system.
I wish you can do something about that put a you know put somebody there to answer the phone.
They should train the people to listen to the somebody who is looking for something in his or her benefits.
They don't listen to explanations they are given and they talk very fast in a term that we are not very familiar with in the US.
Please train them to listen to what we are asking for so that we will be able to (unclear) solving that problem.
I have no issues whatsoever don't change it because it isn't broke.
I there are no problems whatsoever your customer service is wonderful and so is the company.
Your company seems to be very nice and so far I can't really.
repair that or fix that kind of a problem so it never happens again.
I guess a lot of med's are not covered completely.
just an amount due and it doesn't really explain to you what it is.
in put your information that I give you while I'm talking to you.
So just stick to what you're doing you'll be doing great.
The support people that I'm talking to at your end they can tell me that the service has been actually covered but they don't know why these things are being sent out.
I guess there's a problem if they're not giving me access.
I think it should've went on to say when you get the next policy it would pick up rather than scare a person half to death thinking they were not covered.
You guys always are 100% with the questions the answers.
I think you're doing a good job as it is.
That would be a big help for people that are low income well for anybody actually.
I don't see (unclear) people having a problem with you guys unless it just happens to be the day and time they call but I've had no problems I've called all kinds of days and times even in the late evening and no problem at all just keep up the good work.
I usually need a real person to talk to so your menus are very frustrating because that's the one thing that isn't offered.
The only thing I want to say is that I think it's unfair to assume that everybody has access to the Internet.
But anyway's the representatives are great but not everybody's online especially us old farts.
You took care of everything.
I need to do some more (unclear) that work on my own.
I think the service providers probably there's some glitch in the process.
excuse me if they're not able to answer a question or if they don't know what the answer is they take the time to look it up.
everything that you are doing is for your customers benefit and I think you're doing a great job.
Pay that bill for me because I don't have the money.
I just can't find the cholesterol pills and afford it that's not (unclear).
You don't have to do anything for me 'cause everything was beautiful.
all the things that I knew to be taken care of.
I don't think I should pay them for a second one 'cause it's not my fault.
I told them it's not my fault that you didn't get a good MRI.
it's my capability is you know hindering (unclear) that kind of expense (unclear).
Regarding the medicines and calling us we are very happy with.
People have always been extremely nice when I call UHC but not usually helpful.
Maybe have more operators so they could answer the phone a little quicker and not let us wait.
Well you can stop asking for people for the same information over and over again.
Good job Untied have a great weekend okay bye.
Have good people like that working for you.
I've called plenty of times and nobody wants to help you and they say well call this one and do this and do that and then they hang up on you.
He wanted to help and you really need to have a million more Walters in this world because it would be a nicer world.
I think that's a lousy system and I think you should change the system.
They talk too fast and not distinctly and they don't talk loud enough.
I like everyone but it's just hard for elderly people to understand everybody.
Obviously you handle one thing and they all handle all the medication and you have nothing to do with that.
I hope she gets a bonus for putting up with this.
Okay you guys don't know your answers.
You have no clue okay.
Just keep doing what you're doing.
they could as far as what I gave the information for and they did a wonderful job.
When you're good you're good.
I hopefully I have another mail order company so we can little competition will make the price (unclear) lower.
when you move from one state to another that the (unclear) might change or will change and (unclear) change and you don't know what actions to take.
'cause it you know makes you follow up on your appointments.
So nope I think you're doing a good job.
Oh I don't think of anything that needs to be improved right now.
So they're saying that I need to get him to accept UHC insurance maybe they can resolve it that way.
When you're calling with a question you don't need all of that repeated.
I don't know there what you can do to do it better but I know he is the nicest secretary there.
Actually everything's fine except you should warn people that your website wants to take the user name and put it all in capitals no matter what you do.
if it's a generic drug it should be on a different tier since there's so many people that are.
Thank God for the 2 people who helped us.
Take care of my best friend from Manila and also have yourself a great cup of coffee to your best friend.
I mean he's gonna call be tomorrow to let me know what the outcome of this particular bill is.
All this time they you know just you all just did it.
That's all I know and I can't thank you enough.
Secondly when I do get to a person it's a foreign national.
So we (unclear) to say he's a credit to your organization there.
In your book that you send out every year it would be nice to have an index to find things easier.
So basically you guys are doing okay.
Again it's the one thing you can improve.
Maybe you might want to say if you're unable to reach an agent and it's quite busy you can do an automated payment but other than that everything was perfect and everything's a 10.
Just wish that they could've answered the phone sooner but I know there's always so many people.
It would save you postage and it would save us a lot of time and headache wondering if when our bill is going to come and if it's got where it's supposed to go.
It's nice to have nice people to talk to.
You know I'm racking my brain to think of one thing you could have done better and there isn't anything except give Tony a bonus.
It's a step I have to take outside of UHC and therefore I can't hold it against them.
I think you guys are doing a good job.
Social Security is all I have.
I hope you get more people like her.
You are already better I don't think I (unclear) say anything.
And she says well no and then she says we'll help you find a new doctor.
And you don't have to pay when it's not true.
So it's good to be able to talk to someone about your issues.
Y'all need some live people talking to you 'cause those animated services don't get it right.
You couldn't have done no better for me because you guys are excellent.
Your representatives were very helpful but I'm annoyed that the formulary doesn't cover something that in your magazine you tout as being a very helpful thing in life.
And if you don't help with it then you're not really helping across the board.
I give you the highest rating the best thank you.
You should give them all raises alright that's it thanks.
He could not have done better all the reps are great and they do try to help us the best way they can.
Just so thorough kind and I just couldn't give her a better rating but as overall as an insurance company that (unclear) I don't know.
But you guys don't send out she says you guys do not send out another letter that says it's been reversed.
So I don't understand how can you send a letter out to say it's canceled but you can't send a letter out to say it's reversed.
Just really appreciate your help with this thank you bye now.
doesn't do anything for me thank you.
All your people that I talk to are great.
I got Doctor (unclear) and (unclear) that I hope I ain't gotta pay because I don't have the money so I just hope and pray everything gets straightened out.
And I just felt that was totally inappropriate and not really highly productive for an insurance company to be do something like that.
So you know bribery doesn't get you everywhere.
With somebody calling to take care of business with you.
Couldn't have done it any better great service great (unclear) with the representative's love you guys.
Dealt with Tricare for me but I guess you can't do that.
I don't think there anything that you need to improve on your customer service is excellent thank you.
Customer service was great they helped me a lot all of the legal speak in the in changing plans maybe I guess you're required to do it but it's crazy.
There's nothing you could've done better you have the most courteous and helpful customer service rep that I've encountered in my life time and that's saying a lot so kudos to UHC and keep doing what you're doing.
Because they would get their job done (unclear) thank you.
Can't say enough about can't say enough good things about UHC and Demaris.
I really can't add anything to what your service offers on.
Well satisfied with the service and I appreciate the opportunity to be able to talk to someone.
Honestly I have to tell you that it's wonderful that I get transferred directly to a human being.
And especially like if you can't send it out to people who are on the dual complete which I am.
I don't know if it's (unclear) and I'm not being disrespectful or trying to you know disrespect anybody.
So if you could have like maybe a two second delay from the time you know they pick up the call they could say hello or may I help you my name is or something to that effect so we can hear the name clearly.
I really wanted you know I wanna get this I'm not insured right now and I don't wanna be fined the money.
You looked up some doctors for me and good.
I don't know what to say but the operator is very nice.
can't see any changes you need to make.
Please don't think I'm being mushy but I at this point I can't think of anything you could do better.
You're on you don't make me wait long.
They solved my problem they go deep and I appreciate it more than you ever know.
Just keep hiring more people like him.
Continue to do what you're doing.
I have spent a lot of time on hold because they didn't have the answers right there they need to get better ways of getting the answers through you thank you.
You couldn't have did a better job thank you bye.
Nothing needs to be changed and I appreciate you guys.
Just keep it like it is 'cause I enjoy you.
Thank you so much for on your menu being able to hook with a real person instead of having to go through fifteen minutes of listening to the possibilities.
(Unclear) found out you can't deal with the recording you should be able to press zero and that should be the first of the whole thing.
Yes I think you do everything just great.
The only thing I might mention is that I'm getting older and if there's any paperwork you send me that isn't necessary some sort of advertisement or something just don't send it if you can help that I mean if you do you do but it is kind of hard to come through that stuff when there's other things going on.
I consider that you're doing everything well.
I liked (unclear) medicated or heat pads that stick onto your clothing.
Just trying to tell you anything to but you and get you off the phone and that's what I don't appreciate about Walgreen yeah.
the new card for my husband so that we can just make sure it's really all gone through.
Just continue the good work and thank you.
Nice talking with you bye.
Customer service patient politeness respect I guess the only thing that you need to improve on thank you.
or smaller some of money and you're under the state as in welfare a lot more is added to people.
So I just wanted that to be passed on and I think the special senior program definitely needs to come about in the United States that (unclear) people until they die and it.
I hate the d*** computer.
When all you do is fight with the d*** computer when you call.
no she did good customer service and skill.
I brought something to your attention and it'll be taken care of in the future.
So your computer must be doing a good job of keeping track of that stuff.
You know have more people to pick up the phones and have to wait.
The only thing I do not like about your company is your web page.
So I'd hope never to have anybody else but United Medical thank you.
I just wish my wife could've joined Medicare Complete today but I guess I'm gonna have to wait (unclear).
Well (unclear) I mean are you all.
I still don't quite understand how this donut hole is working.
I'm sorry I don't have any problems with UHC thank you for the coverage.
So after waiting eighteen minutes only to have it go to the survey rather than to have anybody answer my question this is totally unacceptable and you know I guess you know what you would need to do better and that would be to have some customer service.
And it's a pleasure for these days to be able to talk to someone and customer service and not have them lie to you or treat you like c***.
I think she should have just said oh okay let me see first if this was on your plan.
Give him a bonus he's a great man that's working for you thank you.
Like I said I haven't come across any problems with you so you guys are doing good.
(Unclear) you all take care.
you would be billing us to be sure that we don't lose our coverage until they begin taking it out of our Social Security.
So you all have a wonderful holiday whatever it is.
The only thing is I'm a little bit hard of hearing and sometimes conversations on the phone is hard for me and that's not really your fault and I just need to know if there's anything that I can do to help in that regard.
the young man I talked to went above and beyond in courtesy and trying to find out and they can't even tell him what it's for.
I say sincerely you should have more employees like this one.
I had a hard time hearing on the phone because it's not very loud and I need people to speak louder talk to you later bye bye.
Nothing but I wish you would send me a paper work just to remind me of the rewards system.
I would like that I'd like to get that in the mail thank you.
Well actually you could've lowered my co pay but I don't suppose you're going to do that.
The one thing you could've done better would be to have taken care of my out of pocket as a two hundred dollar co pay or two hundred dollar out of pocket.
The only actually there's really nothing you could've done better except you know having my deductible issue a lot lower and (unclear) that's the only thing and you have no control over that so I'm gonna say that I'm happy with the information you gave me to (unclear) and I appreciate it.
I'm always satisfied with everything that you guys do and just keep up the great work.
It doesn't seem like your systems are tied together when they look at the explanation of benefits and the amount of benefits paid.
Explain things better because people that call in.
a lot of them they call in they don't understand what the insurance does.
I hope you can save some more paper and (unclear) simplify everything.
So I don't think I would add anything else or make it or change it so just keep up the good work United Health.
Well I realize that there's other people you know waiting so I have to wait a little bit but you know that's normal I don't think there's anything that can be done about having to wait for you know a couple of minutes.
She needs to get a big raise have a great day thank you.
And for some reason or another the lab doesn't acknowledge that so I don't understand that but I don't think that that's basically your problem.
I think to resolve my question your company's gonna send me some forms.
like every other business I deal with that would help.
It's kind of insulting you know the problem with your company is you treat all people they call up like they have dementia and that's a problem.
This is all I have to say please disconnect me thank you.
I hope it gets fixed thank you bye.
I just wanna thank you there's nothing more that could've been done to make my experience any better than it was.
So please keep on doing what you're doing.
I don't know other than coming to my house and taking care of the problem you did excellent so no change is needed here.
Hope you get your new system up and going right online so I can go back to that but this is (unclear) bye.
Hopefully once we get a hold of the doctor we'll get the information we need thank you.
It doesn't nothing they have will answer my question and that's what my problem is thank you.
I don't want anything from this insurance (unclear) to be sick.
Being helpful and also I don't know what the situation is there if perhaps you have new reps or don't have enough experience or whatever it is.
And unfortunately they're not in your network so we cannot go to them any longer so and that's it.
Yes the only thing that I can found out that you could be better on is being a little I've been like two hours trying to get you know from the bank back to United and I would like that you could maybe make it shorter for older people like me.
I know in certain companies are very busy and have a lot of cause but that's about all.
Oh I just wish I had better coverage only (unclear) on (unclear) good god I can't (unclear) anyway that's my only complaint (unclear) answered all my questions so (unclear).
Get somebody more experience to explain stuff.
Train the people who sell your plans to be honest and accurate in what is covered.
There's another one that says when they call that yes they're taking new patients.
Something that you like to have every time you talk to someone.
Well you can lower the deductible it's very high.
she's as helpful as everyone else has been and I just want to make you sure I give you a feedback to let you know that you're doing a great job at least by me on that note I I trust you will have a pleasant day or a weekend.
You guys did a fine job and hopefully you can figure out some way to resolve it so that I can give 10 service which I always get from you guys.
If you have more people like Ms Michelle you don't have to do anything she is the best.
The only thing you could do to make your service better would be pay the bill for me.
That's the that's your agents have been great.
Not have so many rules about how you set things up and make us redo it again.
And I can't think of anything better I appreciate your help (unclear) and I'm happy with your services.
And I think you're doing okay.
I just hope you continue to keep doing the same thing you're doing 'cause it's okay with me.
I couldn't find anything (unclear) a wonderful job.
All I can say is you guys have the best customer service people that I've come across in any call center.
I can't say enough good things.
You's are a great organization and that's all I know.
Yes I think in placing orders they need to makes sure that they go over to make sure that everybody's got their special order to take and so that they're not left out without getting it.
Hopefully that will take care of it.
I'm trying to determine after talking about the UHC folks because they talk (unclear) this evening and they couldn't answer the questions about how our drug coverage plan works as you move from stage to apparently the stage 3 which is scary and the cost factors.
So I don't know what's happening and I feel like I'm being bounced around here and I just want to get some answers from somebody about some costs that are significant costs apparently (unclear) that we didn't expect in this plan at all.
The one thing you can do better is fix your website.
There's no improvement you need to make.
You can't beat that you know what I mean.
You can't beat that at all and thank you very much and have a good day.
Number two (unclear) drug pharmacy because they are making enough money more than enough money (unclear) robbing people poor people by forcing them to pay more money (unclear).
I think you should stop you should call them and let them (unclear) people.
Well I think the appeal board should look into the coverage a person has before they deny them and make them go through all this trouble.
It's okay everything is fine and that's it thank you I think everything is okay.
I wish that you could keep them not raise them again for next year because it's getting a little high for us seniors but I appreciate all of your help so thank you.
The only thing is getting to the person with the automated the automation thing when you want to speak to someone.
I'm sorry but those machine that you have they're no good they are no good you need to keep people on the (unclear) because they are not set up right to take the information I'm sorry but I know the machines are taking over but those are bad thank you.
I mean I can't believe you guys didn't think about this.
I think you should train you representatives to be more aware of what your clients are asking for.
She's a good person to talk to and get information from.
Tell 'em what you want and they don't understand.
I think the one (unclear) really good if you can compare the new plan that your customers are on with your old plan.
You have everything on your computer so why do you have ask me (unclear) the question.
I think it's your phone system headphones.
And I hope you always keep people like him on your staff.
Sometimes I think the lovely people that you hire.
But United needs to not allow their patients or clients I don't know what y'all call us I can't remember to.
Because I've already I will have already reached my $300 just by taking an injection of (unclear) that's what I'm most unhappy about but unless we get a different president I doubt we'll ever get our drugs straightened out.
Because you don't know my schedule.
She pulled (unclear) and completely put my families mind at ease with our healthcare.
enough good things I could say about her.
The only thing I can tell you is that you have very well personnel.
I have nothing to add regarding the Health Care Medicare Complete doing anything better.
You could've solved the problem and you didn't.
Well be a miracle worker and have the pills come before this weekend.
So thank you very much And do I hang up now after I give this information? Will you get the recording? Can I now hang up or do I need to press a button and hang up?.
Well I think UHC could've let me know that my silver sneakers program wasn't going to be an option any longer.
Would've been to remove a doctor's name on my thing that I don't go to or don't even know that would've been better assistance to me.
Always asking a question and we are ready to do action no matter what's going on with I guess for my husband's insurance.
Well after all I you know I it's perfect (unclear) can you say.
Wish I had more like him in my business.
Ridiculous that you would accept that but you get to pass it along to me so you really don't care.
I cannot get out of your plan fast enough believe me.
But you're doing a good job and I will recommend people to you.
If our doctor authorizes it it's all you should need.
You don't need the third party coming in to tell us what we need and what we don't need.
Well I just didn't understand my plan very clearly.
And this plan is very confusing that I have through my job and I hate this plan.
Well you could have more rehab places since there's only one that's in your network and that's kind of inconvenient for us.
So we'll just wait and see.
I hope these 2 people were correct.
I (unclear) this phone calls (unclear) couple times because (unclear) American (unclear) someone who speaks American (unclear) people (unclear) customer service.
if I don't hear back from you everything's really good.
So I think keep it the way it is and it should go good.
yes Sage was a lovely person to speak to but I hope that you do take this matter seriously because other seniors could be totally affected by this telemarketing scam which is going on.
