Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia and also hey you big brother this goes out to my to the one and only Nicole.
There's nothing that you could have done better everything was great except I gave nine on the third question because I'll wait and see next month if the thing has actually been resolved.
If could've understood the automation a little better it would helped a bunch.
Well actually it's not fully completed yet.
Also if to everyone in Manilla in the Philippines and to the (unclear) as well and to my last advocate her name is Tabitha.
It just kind of cut off there in the middle.
You know I think everything all of the service I received this morning was all were all tens.
(Unclear) can't say anything and he helped me immensely with my the terrible situation financially that I'm in.
Well the only thing I was concerned about (unclear) emergency and (unclear) which they never did before.
The 5 was because I don't know whether or not they're going to make that a tier 1 for me.
with this I have no other comments but that he did.
I would appreciate a little statements or denial statements a little more detail about what exactly was billed or denied.
the person did great that was on the other end.
Not cut me off before my problem was solved.
I can't think of a thing Mrs Britney from Greensboro North Carolina fixed me up.
All of my questions were answered to my satisfaction and I can't think of anything that you could've done better.
Not kept me on hold so long.
Everything is (unclear) how you handle it is better.
Don't know why it was so confusing.
At least according to what she said but I'm not confident that she's right based on what I'm seeing here.
Everything's fine so no changes right now.
Just trying to resolve an issue that doesn't seem to have an end but we are all working on it and I appreciate the help.
Seems to me you could (unclear) but that's the way it was.
as in 2 weeks ago seems to be going pretty good.
Actually you didn't (unclear) no better.
You know my approval is needed so if it's a tier 3 now I know I.
But I've been going around in circles with this.
That (unclear) was (unclear) you know did an outstanding job.
I don't think you could have done anything else better except that perhaps maybe the record keeping didn't get to the right place at the right time.
I'm sure she'll call me back and I will wait for that response.
Hello yes just be a little quicker.
Knew my policy number that's what you could've done better.
And I'm yeah I just I'm just well satisfied.
I gave you 3 or 4 10's so thank you very much.
That's the only problem I have.
That's getting y'all ain't doing nobody right there because we got one thing in mind.
It was just my not having the knowledge to understand the denials and now I understand from the representative.
(Unclear) little bit of confusion on connecting for the vision providers but all in all did a good job.
TJ took care of everything for me.
Well at least that's what it seemed like.
Who was the agent that speak with me.
And everybody thinks they have more knowledge than the knowledge that I'm hearing them based on my conversation with your organization.
Like when you fall and can't get up.
If all of your customer service reps had been as good as Taylor this would've been a wonderful exercise.
The only thing is when you have a offer of like Applebees for being.
Talking to another human being is what really helps.
I'm 87 years old and I can't afford these high bills.
If they can drop it to a more better price like I don't mind $25.
I guess that's the end of it.
(Unclear) still working on the information for me and she's very helpful so there's not anything else you could've done more.
Well I'm sorry that's where I started.
That's why I came to you guys.
She's working on my problem and she's supposed to get back to me.
So I'm in a total loss that it was no help whatsoever.
Which you know bothers me because I'm kind of you know environmentally concerned.
So I'm glad it's supposedly taken care of.
The only thing is that I happen to.
And I really and this is new to me they've switched us over from I'm part of AT&T insurance but very good.
So I'm going to try something different.
It's gonna take a few days to even get a response.
He told me 2 ways to solve the problem and handled it very well.
I think at this time everything's perfect and if I would need more answers to any question that could arise maybe I'm gonna need more time but this time this was excellent.
I'll be honest with you the phone call went.
So that's kind of like a pet peeve to me with active listening.
Let me give you the claim number which I thought would've helped all this instead of having to go the other route.
Okay I'm going to hang up now.
Well you said it was a one question survey and there's 3 questions to it.
So it would've been better if you would've told me there were 3 questions as apposed to telling me there is one.
So if I can't breath than nothing else really matters.
Actually she took care of everything.
Anywhere she is the best better hang onto her.
The only thing that would help me more is for them to explain it like in a for instance category you know.
But I don't know if I'm telling you guys.
For instance is much better you know.
So I don't know if you know what I'm talking about.
or the generic drug could pop up a little bit faster.
OK and like I said I'm very glad to be covered by UHC.
So I guess he's on the money there.
basically hung up on me.
I think it's called Shinglex or something a little like that (unclear) 73 year old participants.
My whole program has been canceled somehow.
I've been with you folks now for a couple of weeks.
My policy isn't active yet but I've had so much communication.
she will be calling me back at which time I'm sure that I will get an answer to my problem.
But I've tried many anti inflammatory's and this is probably the only one that's worked the best for me.
As a matter of fact I called yesterday and somebody really didn't understand the gravity of it which is why I called back today.
It's number one for me and it's helping the people and everything what I need.
But now I'm going to cover Shannon I'm going to stay and give another month and try and see what happens.
Keanna and Casey were both diligent on this matter it is concerning a billing problem that is the doctor's offices fault.
(Unclear) more understanding and polite in the very beginning when you get to say hello.
It seems every time I call it takes forever for somebody to get an answer for me.
This person did a good job as usual.
She's sending out what I have to get to go to the doctors and I'm very satisfied.
So I guess it's time to hang up now? Okay bye.
It's hard to understand someone that doesn't speak English.
And you're telling me she isn't.
So the whole thing was a wash and didn't do no good.
So I'm not sure if that was a mistake on their part.
I guess the wait time with HP if that would.
I guess one thing is that having to do research and it's always conflicting information.
There wasn't anything that additional that I can think of that (unclear) improved or changed my opinion about the call.
I don't know that I've seen very on the other end that Ms Evelyn has.
If she (unclear) now and offered them (unclear) the call center knowing how important it is to get the issue (unclear) straightened.
It's just that this time you couldn't help me because I wasn't due for my glasses until next year and I really needed them this year.
The only thing they could've done better was if I didn't have the problem in the first place which is not your fault.
But some other times it's kind of hard to hear some of them and some of them are a little bit difficult to understand.
I don't know what went wrong but I've been that way ever since she's been getting disability.
And I feel relieved now knowing that everything's been taken care of.
No nothing since the service is great and the (unclear) I really enjoyed.
I had just a bit not being able to understand as quickly because of the you know the dialect of the person at the other end.
Oh I wish I could say anything but I can't 'cause I'm completely satisfied.
Are you still there or done hung up?.
Let me know that my normal place that I go is no longer in network.
Stop keeping me on the phone on hold so long.
And then the next time the other one will say something else.
Well everything I called about was accomplished and today the only thing I'll be waiting on is to see if the DME Equipment Company really does follow through as promised.
They haven't yet even with the attempts and by the United reps and so we'll see but yeah she was great.
Went the extra mile on the help and I just can't think of anything.
you know with the results that I've been given.
Because it leaves a lot of responsibility on me and this is very difficult so unfortunately I'm stuck with a dental bill.
So something needs to be done about your original program.
a problem that I've been calling for since August of 2017 and it's still not resolved and I'm not really sure when it will be resolved or ever it'll get resolved.
You were perfect in the information that you gave me.
And all knowledge well I think.
I had problems such as this with you before and I don't feel this problem's been resolved yet.
If the (unclear) accomplished what he tried I'll be very happy.
Oh it was excellent and I can't have anything better than this.
She said our machine was paid for and it's just a miracle.
Nothing I could think of right now because he was helpful and (unclear) problems (unclear) payment so I (unclear).
But I guess it's all done because of security issues.
And the representative is to you know (unclear) all my question.
Not sure what else to say about it.
That would be a blessing to me you have no idea how much.
I'll have to answer this is in the future.
I would say 0 because my problems have all been taken care of.
So any other questions that's the only thing I would have.
And that's what I gotta say about that.
And trust me this goes out to like I said.
my call oughta be routed to (unclear) pretty soon.
I never got a really good answer to what the claims editing means or denial but I'll be getting information about my client so I'm pretty happy.
When somebody press to get (unclear) other language has to be that language.
If they press to get Chinese Portuguese Spanish it should be that language.
Actually got the (unclear) for me.
So that's the only complaint I have.
Far as I'm concerned you did everything right.
And I'm sorry to say there's nothing that I could improve upon or have you improve upon.
She filled out all the forms and I'm keeping my fingers crossed that maybe something will come about that'll be favorable for me.
So very helpful and got my problem you know situated or got my concern and everything is.
Actually there's not anything that could've done better except trying to understand out of network services.
I think they're trying to rip us both off me and United and I'm not happy but the representative was outstanding.
Is that it? I guess so.
You keep changing my PCP which is Rebecca Camber and when I call to have it changed back to her you tell me she's not in your network and when I tell you yes she is you go yes she is but she's not qualified and you've played this round a couple different times and I'm tired of it and so straighten your sp.
sh up because this is really ridiculous.
I'm hoping that every customer service is like is just like this lady.
I don't think that anything could have been done better for either of the two phone calls that I made to you guys today.
And got it done in a hurry.
But the fact that nobody let me know why that the order even had been canceled is very upsetting.
She's got great people skills she just went to the root of the problem and found the solution.
Well really I don't know everything is going just A okay with me honey.
However (unclear) currently they have to do a scriptive message initially which seems to be kind of a waste of his time and mine.
could have been extended to California which is where I'm going on vacation but it's not but the young woman that helped me was very helpful.
Can't fix something that's not broke.
Your representative was absolutely helpful professional helped me through the whole thing did not keep on hold for a very long time.
He covered it and plus more things that a couple more things that I really wasn't allowed like the time that you're open and he you know pulled up something else for me that I had a question about.
Got back on the phone with me and it is resolved and I've never been happier.
Not sure if the survey is over but I will hang up now.
Plan it like y'all used to when all the rewards were just due as soon as you had it done.
I think you hit it dead on the hit on the head with the service.
So that's why my range went from 0 to 10 back to 5 because I don't know if our issues are resolved.
We'll be taking this up after we get through the hecticness and tragedy of my dad's medical concerns.
The only thing that I don't like is the automatic answering but other than that it was a great experience.
So everything's waiting for the future so nothing can be settle today.
It's just somebody may have been bogged down or the telephone line or what not.
And then gave me the where you go online to search I'm not very good at that.
So she's going to be helping me further.
And whoever designed the program to grade this they did a great job.
I (unclear) the (unclear) is due when the (unclear) I paid.
Well I guess almost bill from AARP that it that I'm bewildered by it.
seemed to know her job (unclear) these.
This is your best friend from West Virginia also as your big brother from West Virginia so this one goes out to every Filipino also to everyone in Manilla and also (unclear) her name is Delapearl she's not feeling well.
I have no other things to add except that it was excellent customer service.
And they gave me a lot of other good information as well.
Actually nothing it was very good the only reason I put a nine is I hesitate to recommend anything financial in nature to anybody.
So that's my only thing is if they could talk a little bit slower.
Well I didn't think I had to keep giving my ID over and over with basically but other than that everything is well.
I guess checking on the (unclear) instead of taking me off.
I think the only thing that I would like better is when the explanation of benefits it is so complicated there's so many pages.
It just seems like it's just a lot of wasted pages front and back.
I think if this could be printed out different and it would make it a lot easier and save you a lot of ink and a lot of paper.
that just really means a lot when you're on the other end of the phone line.
So I don't think that's bad and I hope every.
I've I have it since probably 2010 or before.
I'm still a little confused about my prescription but I'll work that out.
Well you couldn't have got nothing no better than explaining things to me.
Well that's not gonna be on time.
Well y'all done a great job when I call y'all.
I'd say he took care of everything today.
So I'm kind of like I'm gonna go to a lab and I'm not sure if it's covered or not.
That would have saved the representative a lot of time and also me a lot of time.
I really off the top of my head.
Well I can't say anything 'cause he was so good.
She couldn't tell me that and that's the only problem I had.
It was just what things are the way they are.
They're very clear and they are very efficient.
Oh let's see more conversation we got into price.
There's no issue that I had on this contact that needs to be improved on.
I was a bit short with the representative only because it's hot and I'm on a land line phone.
Hi the one thing that you could've done better for me is to.
You know that and it's very painful.
Made me rich no the.
And everybody have a great day bye bye.
I actually have been waiting for another representative and I got cut off but I'm sure that was not anyone's problem as I should say anyone's error it was just I don't know why it took so long.
Never assume anything unless you've asked a question.
I waited very little time in que.
You couldn't have done any better for me because I'm happy and don't go to the doctor much.
Like the saying goes if it's not broken don't fix it.
And if it's working good leave it like it is.
I don't know whose fault it was that's all I can say.
And he made things so easy and when you're when you get my age that makes things run so smooth.
Every time I got good service there's nothing bad I have to say about them.
Yeah I had no problems so that's about it.
And they got paid for 5 months for not doing nothing but lying to me.
One bad thing but it balances out right now so far it's good and bad.
Hello it just took a little longer.
all representatives are like who I'm was talking to.
Nothing I'm very proper (unclear) I was (unclear) satisfied with (unclear) the service.
got a kick out of being too complicated for me to understand or whatever.
Nothing because they took care of me.
I think and it's really frustrating to me because I've been dealing with this issue since back in October and yes supposedly the company made some sort of resolution to it in October in April but if I don't get my money by June 6th I don't know what I'm gonna do.
As far as we're concerned you're doing just fine.
So just keep on what you're doing as far as I'm concerned.
Just wish the plan (unclear) covered more than it does.
And so I'll stop it right here.
You know seems like on the first initial one it should verify for everybody else to (unclear) that.
Well there wasn't really much better that could be done there was more than I planned and I'm glad it happened 'cause there were some things that needed correcting.
The information is very complex and I don't think there's any way to reduce the complexity of the information and it was handled well.
So you people have a great day and if that's all I'm signing off.
So I'm gonna try another number.
Like I had told your representative it seemed to work like clock work like a (unclear) schedule.
That's the only thing I have complaints about.
I'm not sure there is anything.
Actually there wasn't anything they could do better because they're looking into me being on the program and I couldn't ask for more than that so thank you.
I think it could be done a little faster thank you.
Only thing would've been had less copay but that's the way it is.
I'm not sure what it was.
But anyway be specific about what kind of ID number you're looking for.
It's a confusing issue and computers didn't weren't cooperating with each other but he.
There seems to be a problem every time I call where my.
It's corrected right away but I'm just wondering if that older policy can be put where it belongs in the past.
Chow's office and is (unclear) way to resolve it so I just don't have a problem.
So as long as he calls me back when he said then you know everything should be great.
I guess the hold time was quite long for I don't know.
I don't think there's anything because it's the bill is all mixed up.
I'm really glad I changed over to you.
Everybody I've ever talked to there over the last three four months just been wonderful.
due to something else not involving this.
The only thing better would be if the whole situation was resolved and we weren't able to do that.
But gosh I've called you guys so many times.
I mean you had a terrible reputation years ago.
I guess a little bit quicker with answering the phone but other than that it was okay.
So I'm not sure you could do much better than that.
Whoever gets him on the phone is lucky.
So I'm making a note on my (unclear) so that next time it's a much more streamlined process for me.
I'm not really sure but you guys have worked out.
It's just that I didn't.
I'm in a place where I can't keep calling somebody back.
Highly recommend this interaction process more often if there's any one thing that could be done better it would be a better connection.
But as far as the company it's right on target and I appreciate all the help that I was given today.
And they did everything just fine and I can't think of any area that needs improvement.
(Unclear) that's hard I understand.
So something about that switching to the survey after Ron had helped me didn't work very well.
sometimes it takes them a long time to find out information.
Well the survey is too soon because they had me on hold to talk to someone else.
You must be so busy all the time.
What could've been better is that there's a review option from the representative so that it doesn't have to go back to the beginning of the doctor.
But again it should be like a review evaluation like a 2nd pair of eyes on the matter.
All the service was excellent I just don't you know.
Since I'm satisfied with the service that I received I can't think of anything that could be any better than what I.
Basically that's what they're saying to me.
I'm going to be 66 and I'm dealing with all this stuff and they said that they're going to send somebody here to help me and nobody ever came and nobody ever called.
Unfortunately the system that you currently have set up as a new system is very user unfriendly and is causing quite a bit of problem.
The only thing I would say and this is just a personal thing.
I didn't know that before and I'm glad to know it now.
I'm just upset about this because I wasn't.
I don't got a lot of time to fool around here.
I don't know because every time I've called Greensboro I have had excellent service excellent information and you always get an excellent report so number ten is not quite enough but let's say a ten plus.
And sometimes difficult to hear the person so again and it must've been other people using on the phone calls.
Well it would've been nice if I received some kind of a message.
The only thing that could be better was not keep repeating the same question about name and birth date.
I think three times I had to give it but that's no big deal so everything else is fine.
I know that (unclear) but on the lenses that would've been helpful to me.
(unclear) representative I've never used before at least about 2-3 times at least 3 times and always got good help from this (unclear).
Good representatives and explained things really well.
Y'all need to give her a raise and a vacation she was really good.
I wish that you website was still up I was disappointed that it's got some glitches in it but I know that happens.
And I found out today I need a pre authorization thing that is just blowing my mind.
So that's what I'm not very happy about good bye.
Actually Tim took care of me.
The biggest thing was the system's down so there really wasn't anything you all could do to help until the system comes back up.
Alright this has nothing to do with the representative because the representative just works for UHC.
But I guess that's all for now but anyway that's all.
But he informed me very gently that the company has not gotten involved in that sort of thing.
And the only thing you guys could have done better for me was make sure that your website was working because that's the reason why I called.
They took care of it perfect.
But she has got the pharmacy they're gonna call.
It's absolutely not working very well.
And like I said this is your big brother speaking Marissa.
So anyway this is very upsetting for me 'cause I have to call over and over and do this.
Not keep me waiting this long.
I don't know what he could have done better because he explained everything to me where I'm having my problem is with the Trinity Group that billed it and I will call them back.
It cuts me out and I'm very computer literate.
Your website is very difficult to get on for me to get on.
Really you're the best customer service people I've ever had in my life and I'm in my 70s.
Is that it? Do I hang up now? Hello? OK.
Hello? Is the survey over? I don't hear anything.
Not a thing I don't guess.
That's a heck of a way to do business.
But maybe later on down the line might think of something but right now I can't think of nothing else.
I misunderstood I thought 0 was 10 so all of my answers are 10s.
He went and got and looked up all the information that was needed and explained the situation and so there's nothing I can think of that you know there's no way to improve perfection at this point.
Going through a phone tree is slightly annoying but necessary I think so no problem.
So sorry about the one that I couldn't understand.
Billy did a great job except for the fact that he couldn't seem to find out what eligibility would be for some of the renew program.
It would be great to have an email or some sort of confirmation thank you.
That's one thing they did.
And has to change because they're not in network.
So then my question to you all.
Does the patient come first or the pocket book? Well for me it's both.
Look I'm satisfied everything I hear from the other side.
The one thing you could've done better for me is I need a local (unclear).
Is that it? May I hang up? Alright.
Been a little had the computers be a little bit more speedy.
Approve (unclear) I need but she did put in for the approval so we'll see what happens.
It would've been better (unclear) fax the information but that's fine.
Well basically I don't know the end of it.
I'm gonna hang up now.
So you did okay they found the answers for me.
Put my mind at rest and it's been an excellent contact.
The only thing you could've done better is not put me on hold so long.
I'm very happy with the way Medicare complete and everything seems to be working out just fine.
To say I'm aggravated is not even close to how I feel right now.
The call could've been better if my renters were covered but they are not.
Could've hooked me up with Marsha sooner.
And I just added up how many years I've belonged to you and it's been 26 years.
You straightened the whole thing out for me without me going down and having to do this myself.
Y'all done great.
I've visited someone that had dogs d*** near on their body's and I do that as a ministry of my church and I'm gonna come into contact with that.
I'm sorry I pushed the wrong number.
yes I'm a little irritated.
Everything you answered all my questions and now I gotta wait and see if everything comes through.
Just trying to get this over the counter things straightened out with your company and that's all.
It's hard to hear them and it's just and your music is way too loud when there is a pause.
it's going to end up costing me over $100.
Yes your agent tried real hard to get some information.
I don't think actually there is anything that could've been improved by the representative in handling my questions at this time.
And a lot of times it just comes into play that things take longer than others.
Instant cards but I don't think that's possible right now.
I don't know who I'm calling but there it is.
Well I don't think this is anybody's fault there.
it just takes a long time to check (unclear) all this stuff.
I'm not sure that she called (unclear) too.
But given that otherwise I can tell you that I'll forget again and so that doesn't matter to me.
This representative and I'm sorry I didn't get her name.
the type of language that she used it was you know.
The representative was excellent but sometimes people talk too fast for an old timer like me.
I mean they're too the post.
The representative explained to me exactly why there was some changes done with the rewards.
It doesn't understand and I had to spend 20 minutes and I'm an old person right? I'm an old person I've got to spend 20 minutes on the phone going hello.
Well I don't think it's something that the representative could've done.
And she's going to leave me a message to see what's happening with my question.
The one thing that I really like you.
Please don't cut me off I'm on hold.
Hopefully that went through because there really isn't anything that I suggest for improving when I'm saying that it was excellent.
So I'm just going to leave it lay here.
That representative and the one I'm assuming is being reviewed here did a very good job for me.
It wasn't her it was the people in the room with her.
You really kept me waiting a long time.
I said I don't have the card that's why I'm calling you.
The issue is out of state it's hard to do anything on this end.
Actually we have no recommendations the representative was wonderful.
I (unclear) 72 hour last time when I call (unclear) people they don't know what I'm talking about.
Other than that that's all I know of.
It's the system should be simplified but that's I guess not up to you.
Due to the nature of the call I think y'all did as well as you could have done for my needs this day.
So I'm completely 100% satisfied the way they explained everything.
So maybe it's an education thing on my part perhaps.
Well I've got a cell phone and I'm has it's always with me.
So I've never had a call like that before or letter like this before.
The only thing I could say that you could improve on is the letter is a little bit scary.
Well everybody's helped me out the last couple times that I've called.
I get (unclear) calls all the way up till this morning that the referalls are done wrong but you.
That's about it and that's all I have to say.
I would appreciate looking up the different tiers and what's covered under it.
I'll talk to y'all again.
I need (unclear) up front for the renewal of this year but that was something should've been done on my own.
That's my biggest complaint I guess.
I wish he'd done it a little quicker.
Okay this is your best friend also your big brother from West Virginia.
Nessie was wonderful and did a lot of research as far as my question about a drug that is waiting to be reduced to another tier.
This is to everybody in Manilla and also to my life advocate.
Have knowledge ready at hand instead of putting me on hold but it's not a big deal.
If it's his will you'll see your mother one day.
It'd be nice if everything was on one screen and I have to hang up.
They answer all questions and that's not true of a lot of the others.
I'm not judging as person it's just that they're not trained very well and they're not sure of things and I don't know.
I don't mind I'm not insulted but it's just not proper it's just not.
Otherwise in fact it would have been a conversation with the physician where it would have been one step ahead and nobody would've known what's going on.
Not have so much information prior to getting to a person to speak to thank you goodbye.
So I'm waiting for like two minutes with the music recording and nothings happening.
It would've been nice if you could've solved my issue but you couldn't.
I have no suggestions I'm okay with the help that I received.
Concerning the call there really isn't any more to say thank you.
United Healthcare has really been great for me.
Everything's been fine in the last 6 months thank you very much bye bye.
Couldn't get no better what it is.
Fantastic person I'm probably forever thankful to her.
The one thing that you could do better is the relaying of the information that helps me out and that was real good.
it's not been resolved because I don't know what it's about and there's no information there so somebody needs to look into it and (unclear) that's (unclear) I'm trying to look for some more numbers here and I can't find anymore numbers but anyway alright it happens.
Well it's hard to think of anything.
You're just so hard to reach everything is changed now.
It's something on someone else's part that gave us kind of wrong information.
(Unclear) everything it's the (unclear) comes to me then things are fine.
(Unclear) was (unclear) he really took care of my needs.
I'm just so (unclear) about things that I should've given you a 10 on both of them.
I'm fine with this everything worked out fine there's no nothing I can add to it.
The only thing I can think of is work on the computer system they just kind of wiped out everything that we just put in.
So I guess (unclear) but they said it should be here by next Friday (unclear) same (unclear) I guess she got (unclear) so that's the only problem.
there's no way of me to tell and anyway I just wanted to destroy the wrong ones.
(Unclear) what it is you could've done.
I was a little disappointed in some of my coverage but that isn't your fault.
out of the practice that I'm currently a part of in to another practice and in to another medical system and I just wanted some clarity about why this is happening and I don't really want to move in to the (unclear) system I'd rather stay with Stanford.
The thing that you could do for people (unclear) is a to.
So all of it's done I.
It was really hard to hear the last customer service agency.
I can't think of anything better it was all done efficiently and you know very fast by the young lady.
She never said anything about the computer being down or anything.
The music that they're playing is all scratchy and you can't even understand it.
Well not to have this issue in the first place would be the one thing.
So at this time I have no negative comment at all.
You answering machine is very very annoying.
Actually nothing everything was very well I just don't have a touch tone phone with a 10 on it thank you.
So I would just do 0 to 9 or 0 to 7 or whatever making the last number the highest because 10 is problematic punching both numbers and making sure it goes through that's it okay.
There was really nothing to do better he just said it's still pending and it's still under waiting on the EBO or whatever so I guess it would be a 10 thank you.
I think it could have been a better way of explaining this whole thing.
Really I'm so excited about calling these people on Monday and getting to see another doctor who's got a good respection and there's not a thing he could have.
I'm not sure I think he representative (unclear) the information that he has.
It's changed where now they're more personal and that really does help see like this message I'm getting diarrhea of the mouth explaining it but.
That one said no he's not with that hospital.
I've spent 30 some years working in the office and cleaning up messes like this so to speak.
But I'm not the one who (unclear) sorry but you guys are.
So I'll leave it up to you.
On my vision and on my hearing but mostly my vision I think I need to be able to get some more benefits on the (unclear) part.
This is my third time that I'm calling you guys to get an issue resolved and it's not been resolved and nobody seems to know the answer is but they still haven't resolved my issue.
(Unclear) the problem I had just wasn't solved.
Actually nothing because every time I call it's exactly the way expected to be it was great service.
(unclear) went through it about 4 or 5 times and thank goodness you had a good representative who had.
There's something dreadfully wrong with your system that needs to be corrected.
comment I can make is it would be nice if you had changing music.
So I don't know if that's something between you and the Columbia St.
Hi my problem wasn't resolved but they are researching it but I must say I've called many 800 numbers.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate this young man going way out of his way and I know I can count on him next week he's good 'cause it's the weekend.
Well today (unclear) Chris was fantastic.
I'm sorry I did that wrong.
And there are two more on there that I'm going to get off for them to.
If you've got many more like her you're moving on up.
So that's the only thing that would be a problem.
Two hours to get some kind of resolve and it's still not for sure.
And it's up to me to get it all in to the system.
I got on a 4:10 and it's now 4:48 PM and that's a ridiculous amount of time.
This is the only time I've ever had a problem with anybody.
knew exactly what the answer was.
I've been with you a long time.
Yes this is I called concerning just getting information.
Somehow my stuff keeps getting rejected.
Now has been put off to somebody else.
okay this is your best friend from West Virginia also your big brother from West Virginia also to everybody in Manila also to everyone from the Philippines.
I believe the brochure is misleading and that's why I'm completely satisfied.
Any time I've ever called in I've always been helped promptly and efficiently by well trained staff.
I'm just new at this and I don't I have to ask the proper questions because I don't know what I'm doing.
But no one explained this to us.
I find that a big problem with UHC.
Well this really doesn't have anything to do with the call.
But yet they're called paid even though there's nothing paid.
(unclear) really helped me out a lot to find me providers.
Actually I'm gonna change what I have now.
It wasn't really supposed to be covered I guess.
And nobody you guys told me that in the past when I.
You've done it all.
I'm sorry to tell you.
her Lanisha answered my questions and cleared out you know my concerns and no good job 10 star rating.
That's the only complaint I have.
Also this right here goes out to all of Manila everybody in Manila Philippines Philippinas Philippinos and also to my first advocate.
The only problem is it took awhile to get to talk to a actual live person.
And also she strikes (unclear) anything everything.
I'm not blaming the lady in any way all I'm trying to say is that the person should read back the number after I put it on.
That's the only suggestion if they can't read it back 'cause of other people around to take the number I understand okay maybe you could have something where the person punches it in.
Okay this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia this goes out to everybody in Manilla and to all of Philippines Pillipena's and Phillipeno's.
This one right here goes to my little sister her name is Eliza Jean so take care of yourself my sweetheart and also don't get yourself in trouble now.
Well this is the second time that I've gone through this process in my short time with United.
So hopefully this time it's corrected permanently.
Today's call was fine there wasn't anything to do.
But the thing is the doctor's office is closed so she can not do anything about that anyway.
Let's just get this cleaned up.
Really nothing because I think all the questions I asked the lady.
She did a wonderful job and if the ratings look like it's a one it's really a ten.
Spent a lot of time trying to help me.
My only concern is that I'm not sure that my problem's resolved yet and so I'm withholding judgment.
But until I know that it's going to be resolved why I'll reserve my judgment.
Okay this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia and telling and saying all to the all everybody in Manilla.
So as of this point once we get the package we'll be fine and thank you.
Got things started on a problem that I had.
Just wish medicine was cheaper but it's not your fault.
Except I wish I had a little bit different coverage and I will look into that when it's time for me to do so.
Okay this is from your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia to all everybody in Manilla and the Philippines and the Filipinos.
As far as customer service is concerned they were great.
This is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia to say everybody in Manilla all Filipinos Philippines Filipinos and this one goes out to my little sister.
Like I said I give you all every one of you 10 over there because y'all done real well.
And also I'm proud of you darling.
Take care Amanda this is your big brother speaking now.
Actually the person that helped me did a perfect job.
And it looks like we may be on our way to heading my issue resolved.
They could have ignored this whole log in system unhealthy.
But believe me this is not the first time I've had to go through this.
I mean my a doctor about falling and I may have some cracked ribs not sure.
It's not my first rodeo with you guys.
And that's what makes me disappointed.
So (unclear) with our doctor's too and that's just a big bummer.
So I don't know where that falls as to why or whatever but anyway (unclear) it is what it is.
The only thing that about like the payment or the cost of what I was asking I really truly hope that it's 100% covered.
It's the third time I've tried to get this done.
I was dreading maybe the wait but there was not a long wait and I'm thankful for that.
There really nothing it's just a matter of getting more information and have to wait for it.
Okay? I guess that's it thanks.
Just leave it like that.
The only thing that the person I was talking to had to do is not talk to fast because I'm 78 this year.
You know no problem (unclear).
And I'm just have to me be paying more so I'm a little disappointed in that.
It takes a while for them to get the stuff in.
Think all my concerns very well so I'm good.
Yes my experience with my person at the other end I think his name was John I'm not sure what his name was.
And everybody else does too so don't change anything.
But that's the only issue that I had.
I got everything right so there are no suggestions actually.
Well my issue wasn't completely resolved because it's not the agent's fault.
It just sits there no wheels turn no nothing happens.
You're lucky to have her with you.
There's no need to change anything.
This is the worst (unclear) ever gotten in my life.
And I'm tired of this kind of stuff going on.
Because that's what the issue was is I was picked a primary and say him and then they said he wasn't in network.
Well I don't feel there's more that the young lady could have done you know except that which was presented in the system.
I'm not sure anyway all the things were perfect so you can disregard the numbers.
I'm dissatisfied about that because it's frustrating doing it over and over again.
So if you can make that a ten that would be great because she did a good job.
I did need to stay on hold for a long time but that wasn't her fault.
I honestly don't have a problem at all with what happened today and Kelly was excellent.
It isn't really a matter of doing better.
You know answer the phone a little quicker but it wasn't that long.
He's given me to understand what's going to happen even though those aren't all in they're handling them and I feel perfectly comfortable.
Not really sure everything went very well and don't have any other questions at this time.
I've been with y'all about 15 years and everything's fine and there's nothing else.
The only thing I could think of would be a shorter hold time but that wasn't even too long.
Yeah well it would have been better to have this taken care of originally but things just didn't work out that way.
It was almost like we were the only people in the world and he was definitely gonna help us solve our problem.
the issue is not with the people answering the problem that I resolved.
You're too big and you've got too many people with their hands on the buttons.
The guy took a lot of time with me.
My call's not complete unless you cut me off.
And like I said take care little sister.
But I was always told as a worker bee that's there's always room for improvement.
But every time they do they're kicked back 'cause they're more than ninety days.
No I think everything was fine if we get a (unclear) correct outcome (unclear) thanks so much.
Well I'm not sure how to respond to that.
You know I rated like 100% for what she did today for me.
I don't know how that could've been resolved so I'm satisfied with what you did this time around.
(unclear) my representative (unclear) really nice.
I do need to send the POA which takes seven to ten days which I'm a little upset about.
I've encountered problems almost every time I call apparently it never quite skips the message that you're trying to send other than that it's okay.
Everything was answered perfect so you don't have to do anything else.
But yeah he did he handled everything real well within a couple of minutes.
To be honest with you.
You know just one sheet with the names on it would've been fine.
I hope it goes through as a 10 not as a 1.
So say hi to Tuesday and that's my message.
There's just a lot I don't understand yet.
But other than that I think you're great.
I've been completely satisfied.
research to answer my questions and one of them he couldn't come up with at all.
They're not even sure what the problem is.
It keeps being denied so something needs to change there.
Well for this particular type of question I don't guess anything.
Actually the person helped me did a me a whole lot of good.
I know we're just (unclear) it's my bad hearing Laurie.
But so in other words I think the problem is more with Crista Saint Vincent than it is with UHC.
It's just not the answer I wanted.
I live in California not Las Vegas.
There's not one thing that I would've changed about having the conversation that we shared.
So everything is wonderful with me on this end.
Well I'm not going to hang on I don't think.
Should I hang up now? (Unclear) pound.
Well I guess it could've been a little cheaper for my plan.
but I'm going to go with it anyway.
All I can say is that it could be 100% because so far you haven't done anything that make me happy.
Y'all done alright.
I'm just waiting to hear back from somebody.
So giving me correct information would've been better.
Nothing really just shorten the wait time I guess that's about it.
On the call concerning this couldn't have done anything better.
Doing better I would say the thing that got me confused about where I'm at in the billing that I don't have.
Overall it was you did a good job.
Well I was quite satisfied (unclear) the service I got so I really can't think of anything at the moment to improve it.
Yeah the only suggestion I have is that on this survey there's to many long pauses between every stage you ask about.
That would be the only thing you could do to make it so the pauses don't take so long.
They did everything I asked them so yeah it's a ten all the way around.
And I'm glad he works for you.
I've got 3 orders of Tramathol in the last 2 months and I don't need no more Tramathol I don't have any.
Not leave me on hold forever.
The only thing that you could've done better is it has nothing to do with the rep explain it to himself it's just the hold time.
And this is coming from your friend from West Virginia saying I'm glad to be part of your family.
AARP's been there for a long time for me.
So far everything has been very prompt answer so for now I haven't.
So that would be all my recommendation I have is make that a little clearer.
The only thing I can say and this is kind of funny.
There should be no problem with this claim and now I have 16 denials.
Thing they could've done better on the call today.
The only thing that could've done better is to have a total answer today.
I'm very confused to why she has not been listed when she's been my power of attorney for the last ten years basically.
And that's not the person's fault who I was speaking with.
And absolutely no one rectified the problem that still exists even now.
It took a long time for this representative to explain this situation to me.
Maybe you know a little less time spent.
It could've been on my phone I'm not sure.
A lot of stuff that we having to pay out of pocket that is not good.
He's done everything that he could do and the rest is up to my doctor.
I consider that a problem but hopefully things are getting cleared up now.
I guess it's over with now.
The reason why I gave a 5 is because it's pending.
So my medicine's not going to be as high as it was.
So there how's that grab you? Ha ha.
You could've given me more help on the new Shingles shot coming out.
And everybody knows that I'm (unclear) enough to see how and what way I was (unclear) you people won't give me the time of day.
But then again it's unethical it's unprofessional it's unbusinesslike it's immoral-.
It keeps shutting off it says I didn't get that and all that.
I mean the worst I've ever had.
And as far as I know they don't have Saturday hours but now it's been.
But calling him back on Saturday? You're not gonna get anything then.
Okay this goes out to everyone in Manilla and also my friends in Manilla the Philippine Filipinos and the Filipinos.
There was just so much going on in the same room with him so that's all I can say.
Well the thing is that the item hasn't been resolved yet.
have to say I'm 100% pleased with what's going on with the (unclear).
It's still not resolved and hopefully it'll be resolved soon.
I can't say that it's always been that way in the past but today it was excellent.
(Unclear) figured out what was going on and the gentleman was.
I'm not happy and yeah.
Sarah took care of me.
And it really didn't have my issue on it.
Okay this is from this is from everybody in Manilla.
Time will tell what happens with this.
on that one is because I don't know what the resolution will be on that.
Also to talk with somebody that knows something about the dentist.
So anyway they didn't follow through with that back in March so I'm kinda a little p305_rsa prep.
Actually (unclear) for better but you're wonderful.
But it appears that if all goes well the second will be the one that is totally accurate and helpful and so there is nothing that could be improved upon.
Actually it isn't resolved yet because the person I talked to has to call my.
So and he's going to be calling me back tomorrow because the office is closed right now.
You did a super job on solving my problems that I was calling for.
Very friendly very helpful and it looks like the problem may have been on my bank so on my bank's side so I'm going to check that out.
I mean I'm 83 so it's some of this is more complicated than I realized.
Well I don't know what to say because could have punched in from the computer and it wasn't done right.
Just something with your website because it's terrible that's it.
I know this happens with my different things.
It's just I have to have some time here.
And that's gonna take a little bit of time I guess.
Okay the representative she didn't know what (unclear) x-rays are.
But I'm happy it's all done.
So it'd be nice if they had access to it when I first give it.
I don't think there's anything that could've done better but I was disappointed in the fact that the person I inquired about is not covered in my plan.
I've been dealing with a problem since 4 of February of this year February 4th and Shana today solved the puzzle fixed everything and she deserves special recognition for today's effort.
Her compassion and understanding my situation was off the charts so please make sure Shana gets due credit for the issue that we've had for the last five months.
So far I haven't heard anything as good as what they're promising me so I don't know what I'm going to do in the future.
It's not her it's the people on the other end of the phone call but she did a good job.
I'm sorry I got Britney and I gave her a 1 and she has a 4.
Did the right thing so I'm good.
I hope the next one that (unclear) as patient as she was with me.
Wasn't a long wait at all and got the answer that we both needed.
I don't know if it's because of the day or the overload or what but I guess it could've been a little bit more (unclear) would be better.
Well I'm happy with everything that's been done.
That may not be possible with all that has to be done but it does take a long time to solve something that seems to be fairly simple to me.
Well it wasn't really (unclear) got to wait at least four hours.
It would've been nice to be able to get it done right now.
Plus she also reminded me that I could be in Silver Sneakers but I told her that the right now you guys that I can't join anything that we have a round here.
Solved my problem which you have not solved.
Well really (unclear) explained everything to me.
Give me the one question you promised me not three questions.
Not online just yet but it was in the system that you have.
So I'm just waiting for the system to come back up again and he'll call me.
The one thing that you could've done better was not having me transferred so many times.
Your automated recording sometimes is repetitive to the same question you're trying to answer.
He asked questions (unclear) about the he did do one thing.
Waited online for me she did it all.
It's not that I don't like ten.
It's just that I don't know how to do ten on the keyboard.
I'm satisfied that things are going to get done if they get done.
For one thing the response time was always phenomenal it's very good I rarely have to hold before someone picks up.
Really not much ma'am other than maybe a little bit faster but other than that not much.
And as far as tens I don't give out tens perfect scores for nothing.
So I think that the first level of support is not helpful in my experience.
I'm sorry the call the everything was just fine.
But that has nothing to do with you I guess.
I think just wrapping up in an English American whatever you want to call it layman's terms would be very helpful.
So could be an improvement to do it like Cynthia did it.
Well Jacqueline took care of everything.
Could be a little more clear about answers.
I can't think of anything that could have been better or easier it was a pleasure to speak with the rep today.
(Unclear) you still (unclear) the person that was going to help (unclear) instead of giving me the survey but that's okay I'll call again.
Is actually been done for me.
So now I gotta hang up the phone and find out if the situation is truly been solved.
a way to work with the previous two people that I tried to comment about.
The only thing that bothers me is that I've called twice concerning with my.
I went through the whole thing and the guy just told me he's not in network.
So it's just conflicting and sometimes that's a little annoying because I would've just taken that guy's word I would've just dropped considering going to this doctor.
So there needs to be some more improvement on how they're looking at things.
Thank you we're just plugging along so marvelous couldn't done better.
Or I can (unclear) tennis ball because everybody else is waiting for paperwork.
See what I mean it's just a circle and I'm just very frustrated about it.
Other than that I think you solved the issue very well.
I don't understand half of this so that's why I had my grandson call in the first place.
It's just because of a very delicate situation she has to get back to me to get the process completed.
But this finally after about the third or fourth call somebody is hopefully accommodating or accomplishing what needs to be done.
It's hard to say possibly if there'd been a website I could go to to look this up myself.
The only thing that you could have done better for me is when I get letters from you (unclear) you the print to be a little larger and to understand what you're saying sometime you (unclear) little clearer.
Alex is going to help get my problem ironed out with you.
She's going to try to get it ironed out but I can't tell you how frustrating this has been.
Anyway she's going to call me back and then I'll know maybe it's just aggravating.
Just more timing explaining the things I didn't understand.
It is just the insurance and I am very unhappy.
we've got it all resolved.
I (unclear) but I've been talking (unclear) groups of people today (unclear) finally got (unclear) and the last one I talked with.
Not have to wait so long on the phone but wasn't the representative's fault so anyway.
It's restricted and that's the way it is but thank you.
That's the only reason I wasn't completely satisfied.
I'm completely satisfied and I'm glad we have the option to speak to someone in English.
I found the number but you know it wasn't available to me easy.
Like I said this is just about two years old so that's my issue so thank you for listening.
(Unclear) some kind of survey and I didn't hear what she said so oh God.
I mean I've never gotten better service.
I wish that I had a little bit more coverage but other than that it's fine.
As far as before Brian absolutely not they were horrible.
Well as far as I'm concerned there was no way you could do anything better.
Except for computer delays but that's everywhere so that's not a.
I'm worried that I gave you all 4's where it might be I got my order reversed and you know 4 means bad and 1 means good.
If it's 1 means good then I want everything to be 1's.
(unclear) satisfied I'm going to try to see if I can find someone that will fit my needs.
I've never had a problem with it and I just like being a member of this (unclear).
And I'll never forget her for this day of helping me.
You know it should say something else (unclear) in the past I've hung up when it said that because I figured the feedback thing wasn't working and it should say instead that we appreciate your holding on for the next feedback representative or something like that.
So you know I'm really disappointed.
Called me direct and I could've cleared up the whole issue instead of having everything crazy for several weeks.
So this could've been done in one telephone call that might've been better but some days that simply can't happen.
That's the only thing I don't like.
Now that I have a brace and I just got another one going to be made and they've been excellent.
got rid of this girl who was unbelievably.
So now I'm getting the medicine as I should and right on time.
After my conversation with your person there's nothing else that could be done.
get the job done a lot quicker.
I'm not sure since the problem is not resolved yet.
So I'm going to wait for a few more minutes and see if you have another question.
The sound quality of the telephone did not come through to me very well.
Well you're doing very well.
Might tell me if there's a way I can get a hold of the representative known as Brandy in Arkansas there I believe.
I'm going to need to do that in about ten or twelve days.
And you had a lot of patience with me.
(Unclear) the medicine I've been no for the last 6 1/2 years (unclear) really works for me.
Oh just it kind of takes a while to get the information.
They've been doing okay on giving me the what I need.
There is nothing you could do better except maybe have the machine that tried to hear my membership number a little bit more fine tuned.
Like I said I have called six times this is my sixth so five previous times regarding this issue.
I would like to talk to somebody straight on instead of talking going through the computer but (unclear) didn't take very long so I'm all pretty well satisfied.
Explained the one to ten 'cause I pressed zero which for the first answer which should've been a one zero so it should've been a ten.
It was just a no it's not covered no you're not covered and that is a little tiresome.
You know I'm completely satisfied everything you know was answered.
I've been through many people trying to resolve this one issue and finally tonight I get someone that knows that they're talking about.
Actually not much of anything.
The one thing he couldn't do is get through to the doctor's office because the lady he was supposed to get a hold of's on vacation until the 21st of May and it's not his fault.
And it's getting kind of late I think it's past 7 pm.
And the fact that it's 7 o'clock in my time zone and I was able to get help is very wonderful.
Well the issue is still in progress but everything has been done so far that I could've hoped for.
I'm trying to think what is the one thing you could've done better for me.
So really at this point right now there is nothing to that needs to be changed.
I guess it's just that my billing seems to come late.
I'm not sure what I put in.
I'm not sure you could've done better for me.
And well I'm gonna follow up like she advised me.
Okay this goes out to all every.
The current is 7 to 10 days if I could get it sooner that would be great.
And I know understand a little bit better about what is going to be happening in the future.
This is absolutely useless and it's a huge waste of my time.
There's no more that I could've had.
I don't know how it's going to bounce out at the end.
OK this is to everybody in Manilla and all the Philippines and Filipinos.
Maybe have a list of compounds that I can use because that's the problem I've been having this year.
Completely satisfied no suggestions and I appreciate your help I solved the problem in less than 10 minutes thank you goodbye.
it shouldn't have had to have gone on this long.
I don't know what the problem or the hang up is on this but I would like this resolved and it's been over a year and we will see if it gets done this time.
I'm going to go back now to the hospital and deal with them.
They couldn't have done better they just some of this stuff that I have to wait until I get all the papers that to fill it all out and then I'll understand it better I'm just waiting on the papers to come and that's the reason why the woman did nothing wrong it's just it was fine the way she handled it thank you.
I would've given you a 10 for everything cuz I thought Megan was terrific.
what the call was about but I'm not sure that we did.
So now I'm going to have to start all over again not satisfied at all.
This question about in the last 6 months and currently sort of draws me off because the last time I called the young lady was quite rude.
I'm sorry there's nothing.
85 you know 4 months ago in 2017.
That jump is just insane and I am extremely disappointed in your company.
You took care of everything just perfect today.
Your representative Sharday last name initial S was excellent I have no complaints she needs to be pushed up.
It just took a little more time than I expected so that's all.
I'll try the other 3 that you gave me and we'll go from there.
And also this goes off to this goes out to everyone from Manilla and to also to the Philippines Filipinos and also this one right here goes to my big sis River.
And also and I'll be thinking about you.
Well I could've known about this a lot sooner.
No everything seems to alright at the present just waiting for an answer on a procedure to be done that's all thank you.
I appreciated the first one I call you was right seems to be 'cause this is I'm calling the second time.
But like I said computer not working.
But there was an awful lot of extra talking going on.
Maybe you know get more updated information especially on the one that I was talking about.
I think it's the new cure for prostate cancer and it's getting more and more popular.
So you know maybe if there was more training on that procedure I guess that would be a huge improvement.
And well maybe I'll be talking to you again soon.
So she's gonna call me back (unclear) but within three days.
Well I don't know anything for sure but the service was excellent from each department.
I'm going to wait and see how it processes through.
It was a payment and I'm not nervous about it and I'll be happy when it's done but right now it's an aid.
Y'all are doing real well.
I've been on y'all almost an hour and twenty minutes trying to get things started.
Yeah I haven't gotten anything since I prescribed to you.
Okay right now I'm not too satisfied.
Maybe it will go better next time.
I am so happy that you guys stopped this maddening robo talking lady and got to the point in a New York minute.
Normally after the machine I am ready to tear the rep's head off.
So I guess there's there's just some nice people.
Make it easier to understand I guess is what I'm trying to say.
Can't think of anything except you know being put on hold or whatever.
Well here it is May middle of May now and it was taken out in May also.
So I'm not too happy right now.
You know there's not much we could've done at this point but I'm still working on it.
So I don't know what's going on there and thanks for asking.
I just love the representative that was on the phone with me.
I wish that this visits to the pain center would've (unclear) since last week.
So I'm new at it and they need all the information so it takes a while.
If y'all could speed up the mail that would be wonderful.
She got me all the facts.
And I'm gonna go up to the YMCA and see what they got to offer for me.
That's all I think helping me on the phone it's very good really.
Yeah just there's only one thing and I know it takes a little while to switch things over.
If you put on a brief hold and I thought in my mind of course I have a suspicious mind anyway but it's just a little bit of a hold and I was hoping it wouldn't be too long and it really wasn't.
Everything was great you really couldn't do anymore for me.
I guess they was (unclear) I've been talking to so many.
I think that's ridiculous so I'm not happy at all.
I find out it's a system that broke down so everything is fine.
And three hundred and something dollars seems awfully high for that.
I don't know anything about her other than that and Carol's her first name.
'Cause it's way more expensive that what I had been paying thank you for letting me oar my little experience.
There's not a way you could give me and you did very good.
It has been 5 months since I've signed up with you people.
And come next year at sign up time I will sign up with someone else.
But I've gotta tell you.
And I'm so sorry I don't know the young lady's name.
I am not going to be a health care member officially until July first.
But the situation she tell me that is not possible so.
But the other company that needs to be called is not answering.
Just the only thing you could've done better is make sure that all this was covered when you sent out the letter.
And it's just like everybody I've always talked to at your organization.
I really have no idea what could've been better because the young man that handled this for me.
Thank y'all that he was there.
Seemed like it took a long time.
Your representative that I was on for 2 hours could've helped but this one was fantastic.
That's really not a comfortable answer that I want to go somewhere on a pretty sure that they're in the network.
Just some of the instructions trying to get to people are a little difficult to understand.
This is the most terrible thing I've ever had to go through.
She said okay one moment please and I'm speaking to your survey now.
So it'd be nice if that one had been resolved right away.
But they couldn't get a hold of them so it's not really (unclear) the issue but anyways overall great service (unclear) thanks.
Maybe not have me be transferred to so many different people.
So I guess if you had covered the drug that would've been helpful.
Thank God for y'all and you have a blessed day whoever I'm speaking to over the phone.
To try and find information that I needed so there's actually you know basically nothing else that could've been done.
I has thought that they were and the fact that they didn't is what led to a problem that I had.
Tank you very much I really appreciate the way it was resolved.
That may be because there isn't anything but I thought I'd been someplace there before so I it's hard for me to know.
Notification from you that that was happening would've been a good thing and that's a little complicated to talk about on this so called phone thing so.
I it's my own fault that I didn't read what you had sent.
We had a bad connection for some reason but it might be I'm on my.
I just want to know according to this letter it's a I'm still in good terms with you.
I'm just kidding that part.
It's a little bit hard to understand the words that are being said.
It's probably my hearing and cell phones are just sometimes hard to understand.
It just seems like this is so time consuming and it's something that he really needs to see and if you know this needs to be simpler process in my opinion.
It was just something that really helped my husband and unfortunately it's not available anymore because you don't carry it or offer it thank you.
Nothing except be more positive about who's in network but that's good.
I don't think there is anything that could be done better because I'm new at this and I'm just now trying to work my way through the claims on insurance.
there's nothing besides my increased knowledge that would help.
Only thing you could've done better is give me to Nancy in the tech department earlier.
Make sure he please gets an extra jelly donut tomorrow morning.
One thing that would be better is eliminate your robot answering machine.
I'm going to hope somebody calls me back on this.
I have this is the second big problem I've had with both of them (unclear) on Part B.
It's just the way it is over here.
Well basically tell me that it was taken care of.
She's about as nice as they come.
So but anyway that didn't get resolved but that wasn't customer services fault.
I'm disabled and it's hard for me to do an application.
It just keeps going back to the main menu like you keep going.
Just maybe remind the girl the first time (unclear) confirmation number for people that aren't thinking about it at the time (unclear) we're senior citizens.
I'm just not extremely clear on what the book says and what you know what actually happened at the doctor's office.
I've continued it on since I've started it but I sure wish AARP would stop taking liberal.
But I am not pleased with the drug program not at all.
It's just me not understanding.
Well my call is not finished for today.
I got my question answered and everything's resolved and it's just fine.
It seems to me like it took a lot of time to get everything done.
The only other thing that could've been done is I was speaking to one representative and somehow.
Sometimes I hold them on there a little long but anyway everything's fine.
So that is the only issue pretty much that I have as far as being notified that I have not.
Thank you very much the product is correct but it went to the wrong address.
It just takes a little time and I do realize that.
You tried very hard and it's a problem that has to be solved in a little bit of time.
If it hadn't been for me confusing the representative with my input it would've gone like a breeze.
Because it a was fantastic thing on my side.
For English stay on the line instead of having to go through all the Hispanic and the other things that need to be said.
The last 2 times I called in I got people that really know the answers to the questions.
They seemed like they weren't confident in their knowledge of the policies and stuff.
Well all the answers you know were even correctly and just sometimes you have to wait a little bit for someone to come on the phone.
Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia saying to everybody in Manilla stay cooled off down there 'cause I heard it's pretty sticky down there.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia also saying to everyone in Manilla and to everybody in the Philippines (unclear) so this goes to the (unclear) as well.
I can't think of anything that could have been better unless the wait time at the beginning but that was even pretty good today.
So that's the only disappointment that I am experiencing thus far with Preferred Care Partners and that's it.
Okay this is to your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia saying to everybody in Manilla.
I'm 98 years old and I need that patience.
But we'll see how things go.
Every time I call somebody very good.
It's just completely different than what it used to be.
Carlos will do much better once he's on the phone more.
Somebody calls to speak to a representative instead of going through all that automated automatic machine that's what I think it would be better.
First of all it would've been better if your representative didn't hang up on me.
We've been using you for about 8 years and we're very satisfied with UHC.
I hadn't had any problems with any of the girls or guys that I've talked to.
As far as for today I can't think of anything else that would've improved the experience.
It's just a pleasure to talk to your people.
Just thought it would be better for me and I'd be satisfied with it.
Not have all that music playing on the background have it quiet other than that everything's fine.
Waiting you know that long a time is really not good for the person.
So it's not like she could've did better (unclear).
But just seems just very complex this hold it should be under one roof I would really appreciate it.
Could be a lot more organized I think.
I'm a senior I'm retired and I cannot afford it but that's.
Wish I was dealing with a human all the way through.
Now if it has to do with something like insulin.
In other words if I couldn't get it except for the actual time of the thirty days the last time.
So I think you're a little bit too strict on what's your time wise is on the last time.
So but as far as the service and everything else it was terrific.
I don't know if this is (unclear) or not.
I'm sure that there was anything.
So hopefully the updating can be done sooner than a week plus at this point.
So I'm gonna have to go through a lot of trouble to try and get a hold of this statement.
Maybe been a little bit faster.
Today the one thing you could have could do better is this lady her name is Sandy excellent.
What you guys could've done better for me in the past three months.
No problem and sometimes it's just me not understanding.
Would be nice to know what's going on.
It's a little confusing the way you've got it set up.
Than having to go through where it give me all of my benefit (unclear) date which I know what all of that is.
Which it was a little unusual I've been going to Florida for the winters for ten years.
And I feel like I'm getting a really good deal with UHC.
I don't know what's going on there.
Are you ready? Shall I hang up? No you're still there.
I'm seventy years old and it's so nice.
Because no one knows no one cleans the CPAP's because it's very (unclear) such a process.
Well it's not very useful if it's way off.
But so far you've done very well.
So that's one thing that needs to be upgraded I believe.
He spent a lot of time and got a lot of info for me so he gets kudos he gets 4 stars 5 stars.
We are not done yet but she's going to give me a call back and the only thing I have to say she is a excellent customer service agent.
So the pills that I questioned were 147 and that's way too much.
And I have no complaints or any kind of questions that didn't get answered so basically it's just a very.
Sorry to be so long.
And basically I'm (unclear) at this I haven't had surgery for years.
So these pills I watch day to day.
But we've tried everything and we're still working on it which I appreciate.
It was still bad and it's to some unknown city that I've never heard of before.
Out of 4 months or 5 months I've only gotten like 2 correct statements.
I'm not aware of anything else she possibly could've done I'm just now waiting to see whether the what the results are gonna be.
Gotten in a little sooner that's all.
And put my mind at some ease so that's that was a great I could only just say it's been excellent.
That lady or that girl went out of her way to help me.
As far as that is concerned I was (unclear) helpful (unclear) today.
Just that I have a very busy afternoon when I start this call but (unclear) not your number so (unclear) just that's it's a little empty but it has to be.
It's the doctor that made the mistakes this time not me.
Sometimes it's just the interactions that aren't as smooth as they should be.
You could've come back on the phone to us.
This guy Landis he's really dealing with the situation.
Landis is going beyond what's needed that second step to resolve my issue.
It could drive you crazy going through that every time and it takes so long.
So you know I'm not going to.
I'm not going to lie to you.
Well the girl told me right.
So that's all I wantin' knowin'.
Are we finished? I guess we're finished.
So I just hope the information he gave me is correct.
my entire history shows up because each time I.
(unclear) the question they put me on hold and go hunting and fishing for something to answer my question with and all my history should be on the same screen.
The reason you got a 9 on this one was because it's not all completely resolved as far as being accomplished.
Normally I would've given a 10 but until I know how it turns out I'm putting only in a 9 because it's not necessarily your lady.
It could be somebody on the other side of the agreement that isn't following through.
The first answer I put 4 it really is 10.
If it happened to me it's probably happened to some other people.
Well the one thing I forgot my wife got dementia.
Thirty-five minutes was I mean just wasted time.
I wish that they would've had (unclear) more information on (unclear) get everything repeated again.
So I am satisfied with every question (unclear) customer service is (unclear) to answer back.
Maybe less wait time but Linda your customer service rep made everything good.
I can't think of anything I'm just extremely happy with the service I was provided.
I guess what would've been appreciative to under the system more as far as why my doctor that I was with for such a long time Dr Shlotterbeck why he wasn't in the network anymore.
So that's all that matters to me.
It's so hard for her to get out and so but he couldn't do it with this insurance.
So my name is (unclear) all I wanted to tell you is I don't think you could do any better.
This man knew the answers so that's helpful.
what 15% looks like for me.
She's contradicting almost everything that I have been told already and I'm so up set.
it doesn't really matter but that's what I got to say.
And I just hope the issue is resolved as (unclear) just told me.
(Unclear) before they hang up whether or not they answered all the questions and just (unclear) you know did they answer all the questions and things like that and it's always a 100 and it's always an A plus.
that was is that I'm speaking for my husband.
With this call I am not sure what that would've been.
I guess the one thing that could have been better is (unclear) short amount of time.
This is (unclear) to everybody in (unclear) and this is you big brother from west Virginia and you best friend from west Virginia and the last advocate her name was Sam.
I feel like I'm being left up in the air and told that it's probably going to be just fine but it doesn't.
But that's not going to happen so that's it.
So if you are having an issue you're dead in the water.
the reason why I put 5 in that right there is because I don't have an answer yet.
It's going to be 10 days before they can get an answer back to me on my question.
It was not a problem it was just an issue to be taken care of.
You're okay all by yourself.
Just a little long getting done what I needed to get done and that's it.
The last oh numerous times that I have gotten that message I press it and just get (unclear) it just keeps going it just keeps (unclear).
Thank you for (unclear) and I (unclear) that I've got you.
We were kind of going in circles on this information on co pay and co insurance and I'm still left befuddled.
I'm glad that you got someone (unclear) sister.
SO overall I would give a ten except for how slow it was in looking up this information.
I just hate that voice that asks me all sorts of silly questions which I'm going to have to ask again when I get to a service consultant.
Thanks to Heidi and everything else that's going on.
And it's going to take a little while longer.
This goes out to all everybody in Manilla this is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
How ever on your survey there are two questions that in truth couldn't really be answered because the situation has not been.
So you know the survey to me is pointless.
It's ridiculous and this has happened the last 4 times.
So this is your big brother saying I'm glad I'll be part of your family dear.
Okay this goes out to everyone in Manilla and to everyone.
Well they tried to put me on a different plan but at this point and time I had my tail bone broke and I'm not able answer the questions right so.
I gave everything a 10 because just the fact that someone took the time to hear me.
(Unclear) but so far so far so good.
There was a lot of static but that's you know that could be for any number of reasons.
I can't think of anything that you could've done better because I got answers good answers to my questions.
However this doesn't have anything to do with certainly Johnny the person that assisted me.
Actually I'm not sure that there is any one thing.
When you've got something that's very good it's hard to improve it so I have no suggestions.
He might think he was there went in the company before he was born because the CEO's older than him.
Somebody who could've been working there before-.
And likely I will not leave you with some of my experiences I've had with charges and disappointments.
No the service was fine I appreciate it.
I don't know but I'm happy and I hope everything goes through right.
Say please rate from 0 to 10 0 being the worst 10 being the best but I don't think you want the individual to key in the number 10.
Help me understand what I signed up for in the first place but otherwise John is amazing.
Everything went well and I'm happy to have you as our insurance company.
So as far as that goes I know what your policy is and that was done very well.
the only thing that bothers me a little was there seemed to be kind of a computer lag and it was kind of hold on a minute hold on a minute and you know I can't really blame UHC or the representative for that.
There's like a lot of other surveys that are now using one to five so anyway one to nine would be an improvement.
Well I have no way of knowing except my question wasn't answered.
I'm new to the plan and this was my first call with a question and you handled it wonderfully so I can't think of a thing.
I'm new with UHC so I don't have a lot of experience.
Everything I asked for they're going to send me now so everything's fine with me.
Just thought there might be more dermatologist around (unclear) but otherwise that was good.
As for this call there's nothing you could've done that would've pleased me more knowing that I'm covered for the procedure I have to have.
She said Okay I'm gonna contact the right person for you.
It's gonna cost me an awful lot of money.
You technical person was helpful but he couldn't solve the problem and I guess it's been escalated.
Extremely helpful you saved me a lot of time.
It wasn't personal at all it's just that the computers there were a bit slow and I can't certainly blame anyone at UHC for that simply slow computers took a little time okay bye bye.
That was a long time for them to find especially for me.
what's her location but I wanted to let you know that the score should be ten but I pressed nine because I didn't want to mess that one and one would be close to zero and you'd be thinking that it's not good.
Then I'm sure I'm going (unclear) to give that to you anyway.
(unclear) I'll call you back right when I get that.
This is Connie Allison and there is nothing.
and prevented me from making any mistakes when signing this up.
And it's not the only experience (unclear) that's (unclear) thank you bye bye.
The answer to my question was I have to wait that's the only reason I gave you a 9 on that.
I don't know at this time if there was anything that could've been further done because my husband is a new member George Nipp and I'm authorized to speak on his behalf I'm just waiting for his card thank you.
'cause it kept saying pending status so other than that though the service was great.
Everything (unclear) everything you do and (unclear) running for president.
That's not covered bologna but it's not I guess it's not your fault.
Well some of the answers were things that we don't quite know yet so I don't know if it's going to be resolved 100% (unclear) soon or not.
You could've been honest from the time I enrolled with you guys about prices changing for me.
I can't remember the girls name (unclear) or something like that.
There was no record of that thank you.
There's nothing just get a new brain for me to figure out what I did with my medicine.
I'm having some computer problems which (unclear) but thank you very much.
Just an explanation of benefits some questions but it was all good.
I'm fine because I can't have the proper paperwork in hand.
I'm just not 100 percent sure that my issue was resolved.
That the letter shouldn't have been out and that a lot of people got it and it's okay.
You know and I'm like I said about 97 percent sure that she's correct but if I come to June 1st and she wasn't correct then it's going to be a big huge issue.
So that's not something that I want and so there's something that I'm going to kind of keep track of and find out what exactly happened after June 1st.
I got the answer I needed but I needed more probably more confirmed answers than (unclear) you know based on what.
I'm okay with the answer I got and I'm going to accept that answer but I think it could have been done better.
Had a better answer that was to my benefit but that's all.
It's taking quite a long time for her to process information to help me.
To be honest with you.
I did get you know the month of Decameter so I kept (unclear) and it's my fault not her's.
You used to put it in the book it's no longer there so I am disappointed with that.
Everything seems to work out alright they like haven't had only short very short time but it seems to be okay so.
You could've not dropped my call 3 times before I finally got through that would've been made me much happier so you have a great day bye.
I can't think of anything that you could've done better I'm very satisfied with everything you done so far until you mess up then I'll have a complaint but right now I'm very happy.
So I guess I'll be covered because I've been told it's covered so thanks bye.
Who seems as if over charge for me for something.
The hospital is closed and therefore the problem cannot be solved 'til Monday and I'm good with that.
It was my errors and my fault for what happened.
Actually everything went fairly well today so nothing to change nothing to add and that's it bye now.
Number one on the scale make it 1 to 9 because I don't want to push a 1 and a 0 make it 1 to 9 because that's what's on the agenda or else make it it's 0 to 9 because I can't get to a 10 any other way and mines actually a 10 then at that point thank you have a great day.
But it just seems like after an hour and fifteen minutes trying to get some simple information (unclear) the information because I'm stupid enough to be with UHC.
It's not working (unclear) just got off the phone right now with another lovely lady (unclear) and another lady previous to her.
She's sending me the letter that was supposed to come from that.
Nothing could've gone on better on my phone call with (unclear).
This is the fourth time at least the fourth time that I have (unclear) issue resolved and I am not going (unclear) but this whole process with this EFT has been unbelievable.
I'm sure I'm not the first person to relay that information but that's how I feel.
Got it all straightened out and don't have any problems right now.
I guess I'm not 100 percent sure yet and that's why I didn't put a 10.
I won't know until a little time goes by whether my issue is 100 percent resolved but it appears that it probably is.
In order to communicate with you and that's just frustrating.
The only thing you could've done better for me would've been have the computer to come bring everything up completely.
Not have that automated voice thing going so long.
I'm filling out this survey before I even speak with anyone.
I have no idea what has happened I am speaking to Ed and then nothing else was discussed I'm trying to resolve a problem and all I'm getting is a survey pleas return this call to Ed.
But it's very hard maneuvering through the system at my age I can't imagine a senior trying to maneuver through the press one press two press three.
I'm doing this for my 92 year old mother she could not have done this her self it is too time consuming for someone at that age.
She gets a bunch of 4's I'd give her 10's and 12's myself thank you.
I can't say nothing bad about it.
It's just they're really helpful.
I'm just calling to see if you could cover the (unclear) the new shingle fixing.
Especially me because I have a terrible family history of it.
I'm sure it would have been way cheaper to cover the whole shot rather than to pay for (unclear) for many years.
I've never had this to be a problem with UHC.
These calls that come to me from UHC and (unclear) come from over seas I'm very leery on them.
When they read all that stuff they're supposed to read to us it goes by so fast I can't grasp it.
I'm just getting old and I I'm 86 and I forgot I didn't forget I just perhaps did not organize the bill correctly.
I'm familiar with it but it didn't seem like your agent was.
since I've been with you folks.
So it would've been nice to get it the first time.
I'm not saying to do it all but to help us somehow I don't know how but this is getting very complicated for me.
The cost was too much money for me to get.
Not necessarily doing better I was very glad this year that it could take 3-5 days to show up on the site and so I will keep that in mind.
I think the only thing you could've done better for me was to have a smoother transition from the old system to the new system.
And it's just not applied something of that nature I don't know but Craig said everything is working it's way out.
They should've got a different you know they could've got a complete answer had we done that.
The guy that helped I've just joined it and so far it is excellent.
The poor representative tried and tried and no one picked up.
I understand that it is assumed it will do that but it would have been nice to have had it resolved before the next billing statement which is why I gave it a 9 not a 10 but it doesn't mean I'm not satisfied.
And next week if you keep on the way you're going I'll be absolutely happy.
Today's call if they follow through and do this right would.
It'll be corrected and then it's wrong.
Then the next time oh yeah we've got it.
My experience is that all the representatives are not expected to be fully informed about everything.
she's going to help me clear up something.
It's a Sunday and I know you're shorthanded.
They're talking like they have their lunch still in their mouth.
So it just doesn't help me at all.
It's just that I thought.
So I don't know if there's some way to go put this through the white wash of hot water and bleach and maybe that would help.
I'm just kidding of course but who knows.
I'm going to try again tomorrow and maybe I'll have a lot better.
This is a complex step and your individual I just spoke to handled it well.
And as a matter of fact I have never had a problem with anyone that I've ever spoken to from your company.
But (unclear) pretty (unclear) you know.
Well the best thing right now is what's going on right now because nothing was actually taken care of but it's being looked at very carefully.
The best thing you could have done is not send me the letter in the first place but that's okay.
So that's what I'm trying to clear up.
And I'm going to have to go to Medicare but anyway's Marline was really good.
Well your representative was a little on the too chatty side.
You guys are having trouble getting my (unclear) and their one touch next strips covered and nobody knows why.
They keep looking up stuff and coming back with their best guess but nobody's fixing the problem and I'm getting very angry.
Found me a doctor and I just hope everything works out otherwise I'm going to drop out of United.
That's how frustrated I am.
They could've informed me better and they could've at least tell me what's going on.
You know explain more of what's going on and.
I don't think you could have done anything better because the agent went all the way out to find the answer to the question that I so am satisfied.
Nothing except waiting to get talk to somebody.
to just think out of the box and I appreciated that but as far as this call and the agent Trina that I spoke with just.
It was just in reference to a bill that we had gotten and it's going to be resubmitted so thank you.
haven't got it by this week then the situation (unclear) is not gone.
It's not gonna improve because I have to have it for a special reason.
It's just there was no answer to my issue (unclear) and I have to wait and see if somebody else contacts me.
what services qualified 'cause I had forgotten about that.
If it's not like how some others are if I put down negative ten then it should be one all the way through.
Now that I've confused myself and you say bye.
Answered my questions was very fast about it didn't have to wait very long so I'm completely satisfied.
Have a different waiting music it is very boring maybe (unclear) or something like that.
Now that may not be a big deal but $45 is $45 and I'm just a little disappointed that when I was sold the plan I was given the figure of 250 and in fact its 295 so just should be aware of that.
UHC could have got their information a little better because it's their mistake and I'd like it corrected.
You know just taking a little bit more time and doing it complete.
Better than doing it half way or sometimes by mistake and then (unclear) again.
I've called you twice on the same issue but evidently it's area that I'm living in.
This is the worst thing I have seen in my life.
I guess if I had any problems at all which would be very minor would be the fact of not being able to talk to a person from the word go.
We got the thing straightened out finally after all that time.
Unless I find out later that there was a problem I can't think of anything that went wrong.
And if you could've put notes in the computer this problem wouldn't have come up.
I have to call the (unclear) for the issue that I'm having.
(Unclear) that talked to (unclear) need on who helped (unclear) service.
And it's in the process of being done as we speak and I'm going to get a call back.
(Unclear) everything went well the representative was answered all my questions just continue doing what your doing.
Actually it's the time involved being on the phone is the most nauseating (unclear).
And this kind the kind of time it took out of my day is (unclear) take an hour from my day is (unclear) absurd.
You done a 4 for me and everything exception of the billing out the papers and everything and that's what I'm doing now and I didn't want your time to run out.
Say that again I'm sorry I didn't understand the question.
My problem hasn't been solved yet.
Maybe if we didn't hear the other voices it would be okay.
I don't know what they're saying but that's the only issue that bothered me.
All of a sudden he's not in network anymore and I just don't understand that.
I am just confused about the price increase on the drugs and I'm sure that's not something that can be handled with this phone call.
And he said something about my Part C not coming out or something.
So I'm just eternally grateful that it was.
When a lot of my friends get it for nothing.
(Unclear) informative and very courteous so I can't say anything 'cause he's the only one that I have talked to within the last six months.
Well it's not his fault but I never did get a doctor's book.
It's a little too late to tell me now.
Acaisha was rude to me.
Have I gotten wrong information in the past? Yes I have.
And then me calling back because it didn't sound right to me and getting information that.
really that's what it was.
No there really wasn't anything I guess there's no change I'm in the donut hole alright thank you.
It sounds like it's not the most modern of systems because the modern systems would have transferred my information.
I was real confused he straightened it out and solved the problem just in no time.
When I originally call you have a computer ask me a bunch of questions and it's quite annoying and I'm not connected right away.
it was a perfect call and the lady that (unclear) to me.
I'm not really sure I'd have to give that a lot more thought.
With respect to this call there's nothing that could've been better I've been making phone payments for a couple of years.
In my case not everybody else's but in my case I guess lower prices across the board.
The one today did a lot to help us.
I'm gonna be getting (unclear) credit.
Today's call I can say it wasn't anything wrong.
I'm just trying to limit my out of pocket expenses.
I still have my particular problem but my (unclear) sleep is much better.
So it's easier to punch one button and be done with it.
I'm not sure that you can change this or not.
they could make a note but I'm not sure that she has any of my information 'cause she didn't ask for anything.
So that's the only feedback that I have there.
Not kept me on hold quite so long but that's alright.
And I'd love to speak to another person like him in my next doing which is.
He did a great job it's just no one's answering the real question which was not his fault.
I'd like to have it written on the statements that but it's.
So I think it was a waste of time for referring me to a non working number.
It's basically all up to me now.
I think it's wonderful that I can reach y'all twenty four seven and I'm so happy that I'm a member.
I guess the mammogram and the (unclear) are something maybe could be brought up earlier instead of like later.
I'm sorry I got nothing.
It's the plan that I have problems with and the level of coverage and so Chelsea did a great job.
The one thing you could get better was not transfer me like 7 times.
I (unclear) say the same thing over and over and over again.
That's a waste of time and she talks too much.
Got everything resolved and I'm very satisfied.
I've been with you all for a while.
Well I'm trying to think of something.
But this guys here seemed to talk too long.
So I'm gonna have to go out of network but it's just down the street.
I think it would've been helpful if the ER had better records.
I don't know what the flaw is there.
But it wasn't the representatives fault I'm sure but just that's the only bad thing there was.
I have no other comments other than everything went great and that's it.
He's explaining what happened and it's really been a nightmare for me and he turned my nightmare and turned it into a happy day.
Maybe getting an answer to my question which wasn't too long.
Gotten to talk to somebody real.
It was just the confusion of my question I think.
I've been calling since January and it's never been right.
Hopefully today the girl got it right.
Everybody does right by me every single time.
It looks like long and complicated for nothing to me.
Well actually the representative seemed to not understand anything I'm talking about.
She wasn't asking me questions over again it's not proper to get it resolved.
But as far as UHC I like the.
She is not familiar with I guess the question or whatever.
Well it could have been a little faster service.
Something to the affect that you know if you're not on the.
Yeah just a little bit of time delay is about only problem I might see.
I guess this could've been resolved quicker it just took a long process though we're very happy with the results so you know so what that it took a long time.
Y'all could've gave me more understanding and ideas.
But y'all could've speak to me more better than that.
I'm glad we've got you.
we've been trying to get something figured out for 8 days now and the problem's still not solved.
We don't understand why we're not getting a response or the issue resolved.
Well it would be good if there was a bridge between the plan that I left in Jersey to the plan that I'm taking here in Florida now that I'm a resident here for the 30 days.
Everything's going good for me.
Now they're telling me they're not covered.
But again (unclear) it impossible for me to do business with you on behalf of my mother.
no way of making it better because it was good today.
(Unclear) much nothing really because I love UHC Duel Complete.
I've been with them over 9 or 10 years now so I really appreciate what the do for me.
They've always been just (unclear) for me.
Actually the wait should have been 5 minutes and it was like 30 seconds so you guys did well.
And so (unclear) still hasn't been fixed (unclear) and she said it has been a long time (unclear) could have been taken care of earlier but she's probably going to have to pursue (unclear) see if he can get the get things started on it at UCLA and then (unclear) medication (unclear) great big help today so thank you so much.
Y'all are all doing great.
They are not available for me on the web site and I really kind of need a (unclear) of what put me in a pinch right now.
It's nice talking to a person that understands us.
Personally talking would be very important to solve any kind of problem.
You could've clarified the name and where my.
So I don't know what the h*** is going on at all.
Or I think it's just a system thing.
And part of that is my fault because I don't understand the whole system and the all the paperwork's overwhelming.
She said put dash zero one of course that didn't work.
He just gave me all kinds of information I've taken notes like crazy.
Because it was wait a minute let me give you.
Then wait a minute I'll get you to another number.
I am not so sure about that one.
I'm supposed to press something maybe.
I'm gonna hang up then I guess.
Could've done to make it better.
How much is covered it if it's covered at all.
So you got new people there that are missing the bolt.
I can't think of anything better than the wait time and I understand that.
Now this guy that just took care of me Lake is excellent.
I really have no problem with it and it's been very good as far as I.
Well the wait was just a little long but that's okay.
Too much time waiting to talk to someone.
So couldn't have improved it thank you very much.
And they keep going there just not doing what they're supposed to do.
Yes this Leona Perez given for the survey I didn't hear the first question but that should be 10 too instead 2.
Okay now what do I do hang up.
You're doing just fine nothing is better than what you're doing now.
Just I'm waiting for the problem it is not resolved I have to wait until tomorrow and he'll be calling back.
So what has (unclear) down he'll tell me tomorrow.
IF the pharmacist had answered sooner it would've been nice but that's not something you could have anything to do with.
Finally got around all of that an registered.
I'd like to talk to her all the time.
So at least she's trying to help me.
I was worried that my (unclear) wasn't gonna be covered but it is gonna be covered and I appreciate it a whole lot.
The one thing that could be better is your internet not going down.
now because of you Angie I'm gonna have a better day and I will be looking forward to talking to a supervisor tomorrow.
Your system was not up but that wasn't the rep's fault.
Well your computer's down and it's really not too much to be done today.
And I think every time I've called so far I've only been on a short period of time.
And I'm gonna say good bye now.
April your representative she went above and beyond.
Every once in awhile I'll get a hold of somebody that I just cannot understand at all and that's frequent.
I see this call's been going on for 25 minutes I better hang up.
I have to wait until the case is reviewed or whatever and who knows how long that's going to take.
Your system was down but Crystal did a wonderful job of taking notes down and all that sort of stuff so it's all being handled.
or Kendra took care of everything.
I don't there's no room for improvement the call was taken care of with courtesy and respect and accuracy.
Y'all done great.
I'm having to call in to get that taken care of.
You had trouble finding the doctor that I'm going to see.
What a great representative she is for you.
And that's about all I have.
So I'm going to look it up on my own.
Well in my opinion you've done everything well.
I'm gonna put you over at 10 on that one.
Because you did it the way it's supposed to be done perfectly.
I need to explain things to me a little bit better that's all.
He just put the Demorider on hold for me and I'm very satisfied.
My service was Lynn and she was super duper on a chart of 0 to 10 she would be a 20 for being good.
And hopefully it sounds like it's in my favor.
And if it hadn't have been such great excellent service I wouldn't have gone through all of this.
Which that's the only problem I had but it's not the fault of the person I talked to today.
Now that is underhanded and that is playing the system because I didn't go in with any complaints.
There really wasn't anything except I wish Walmart would've gotten on the line sooner and that was not your problem.
It's not your fault but I'm very upset about this so I'm gonna call him and see if I can get it resolved.
we didn't hear about that so this was sort of a surprise for me.
Everything's doing okay with me.
So you know that's it for this time.
So I'm happy I am just not sure whether my issue's gonna be resolved or not yet.
And I've already been you know transferred for the last twenty minutes.
The two before her their language their English it was so (unclear) it was you know what (unclear) communication barrier with the other two.
And seems like the computer changes could have made been overnight or something or (unclear) on the weekends and not maybe affect business as much.
I'm gonna deal with them for awhile and see how.
'til I don't I'm gonna have to come back.
And this should be a set thing thank you bye.
it was very satisfactory to me I can't think of anything.
The only thing that could've made it perfect is if that it's okay.
So that would be my suggestion if I'm taking a survey you know relating to today I thought it was gonna do it at the end so that would make more sense.
There's no need to change anything.
You know I can't think of a thing better than what she did for me.
I'm trying to think what it is.
(Unclear) always satisfied and so I have no corrections so thank you.
I'd like to know on the little booklet that we get we could get the 125 I would like to know if it's possible that we could get some new stuff in the book because it's always the same stuff.
She's going to look into some of my problems and will call me back so I can't answer more than Erica was very good.
Sometimes it takes a little while to get to my information but that's certainly understandable so I have no problems.
So anyway I hope the (unclear) workers will change this plan coming the first of the year I've had nothing but trouble.
So I really didn't dig into these things and now that I see that I'm going to be losing his retirement it just makes me much more I've got to get this straightened out better.
Well I didn't get any feedback with what I was looking for because it's not time to.
Being that the individual asked me the same questions almost I think you should eliminate your automation.
It's actually ridiculous to have something like that.
So that's the only gripe I have.
He knew what he was doing bing bing bang bang and my business was taken care of.
He was just I can't say enough good things.
A little bit of a pause there but that wasn't a deal breaker.
You guys the lady that handled my case went over and above what I expected.
You've created an extreme hardship (unclear) I don't have online.
No sir hold on let me finish.
And he wasn't billed properly for it or he wasn't billed.
So at this time I say nothing to be changed or improved at least with this individual.
Nothing I'm learning as I go along I think your representatives have been terrific.
The only concern is I don't have a log in and my lady is of my area.
Not a thing I have no problem at all.
The (unclear) been if to sample the papers in the mail completed before we have to call you guys.
I'm sure he will.
He said 24-48 hours so I'm sure he will do that.
That's just (unclear) to a person you know.
I'm on hold waiting for someone to get in touch with me.
Take that answering machine that asks too many questions beat it with a stick and tell it to stop talking so long.
Now I'm going to have to call back and see about getting this done.
Now I have a denial that it is not covered.
so that's all that I think somehow we could've cut through all that.
Nothing cuz I moved to Canada and you don't cover me.
Ron was great but you should realize there's no ten on the telephone keypad.
I mean the wait time that this man had to help me.
Another person tells me another thing and I just don't like that.
Thank you so much and I hope that when I first hit my key pad it kind of didn't show up the zero maybe.
(Unclear) was a wonderful person on the phone to talk to so no have no complaints.
So I guess it's not their fault.
Not kept me on hold so long.
In the past I can't say that it happened that good.
I'm sorry I can't remember the name.
So quality competence experience it's those things which are for me more valuable than a mirror like being just 4 5 blocks away from my residence.
I'm so happy that he's there to help me.
It's not on my end cuz I've done it very accurately.
So that's the only negative thing I could find out about that or could tell you about that.
And this has been going on since the first of March and accordingly to the people that I just speak.
So we're sending them again and hopefully this will help.
The one thing you need help to been better would be to answer my phone call when I called instead of having the (unclear) pretend it.
And it's a very detailed it looks like very thorough good book but on the back it says this is an advertisement.
So I'm just going to try it again.
All the girls that helped me for the last two days which is five or more was fantastic.
So I'm I have a horrible infection in my mouth.
Could've (unclear) but we didn't get any.
Actually there's (unclear) did it up to the point that there's no complaints at all.
That's all and nobody can give me an answer.
I don't understand but anyway it's not United's fault.
Which seems a little odd to me in that my plan includes dental so I think that should be updated.
I was told that it was probably a glitch I'm thinking not I'm think there just aren't any dentists there.
I never got to speak to anyone they just switched me to this you know whatever this is.
Well you could've paid the whole bill that would've been good.
The one thing you could've done better for me is answer the phone.
And then I'm pushed into the survey now what tell me what kind of service is that and you expect me to give you a 10.
Hi sometimes it doesn't seem like the left hand knows what the right do.
What you do now? I'm done.
Maybe (unclear) me small print that's on there but I didn't know about it.
Well it's hard well it's hard to say.
You know I got I need some (unclear) up in my mouth and they're going to.
Oh today's call was excellent no problems at all.
So that was my only thing that I'm a little concerned (unclear) happened as it should.
Well as far as the company I'm just having a hard time finding a dentist within the network and that would have.
that was one of my questions I just asked the gentleman which is named Eli from Texas and he's going to.
I have no remarks as far as doing it better.
Still I think a post payment's a little early.
She's gonna be helping me in the morning as well.
I was happy with the representative what the plan covers so I'm quite satisfied.
I'll wait a minute and then I'll hang up.
Hopefully it'll be the same.
I have gotten more help from the conversation tonight then I've gotten ever from any other company.
It solved my problem and enlightened me.
Could have listened better to what my issue was.
I'm not good at filling out forms and I'm sorry but I haven't talked to anybody at all in the last six months until today.
If you'd just put on there the last time we had gotten lens was September 21st 2016.
That was the only aggravation at all but I appreciate your help.
The only thing was is I was on hold for quite a long time 'cause he had to do some checking around.
Today was fine I've had issues in the past that I didn't get any answers.
So I would appreciate you if you could add that in the past due amounts or there's only 1 date on here and that's June 1st 2018.
But you know and I'm not a new customer I've been with you for a long time and your system stinks.
I've been with you now (unclear) 2 years now.
3 years all together and every time I have called I've received the up most respect and best information that y'all can possibly give.
Hello? Is this (unclear)? I guess they hung up.
I don't know if she hung up on me or what.
Actually everything went alright I've never had a problem with any representative.
I have server anxiety right and freaking out 'cause I'm in so much pain.
Get me representative nobody talked to me.
(Unclear) they included more rewards because I wasn't eligible for any.
or the person who helped me had a habit of interrupting a little bit and wouldn't let me complete my thought.
So I think you're doing everything very well at this time.
On the last two calls it would've been nice if the person would've treated me as an individual.
And instead of (unclear) as a human you thought of me as a statistic.
Your automated system seemed to be not working very well this morning.
She's the first one that has explained everything to me.
Nothing better just keep up the good work and you're all very polite.
you know going that step further.
Well I we're trying to get a problem solved and it's not gonna be I think it is resolved but it's not gonna show up for a few days.
In a couple days I'm probably gonna give you all tens but until this happens I don't think that's right for me to do.
Well I wish they would've got me some kind of answer.
I'm really glad that we're with UHC.
Did what I've asked completely with no problems.
catch the name and I forgot to ask him but I'm sure you know who it is.
that the letter I got on May 8th is not going to be implemented that's because I didn't.
they're saying they're going to cancel my options for.
So this gentleman took care of everything today.
My hat is off to you.
Not be put on hold for so long.
It's just that she can't help me with this problem and I have to go back and try something I've been doing for an hour and I'm just very frustrated so.
I hope all my issues have been taken care of because of I'm sorry.
I'm having a hard time trying to speak.
I'm just hoping this time everything's been resolved.
So just a good put in a good word for Donna alright.
The lady I worked with today did try and she's hoping that she's going to help me in some way.
I think the one thing that my concern is that making sure that communication is clear.
The I don't know where it is it was just me or the other end but I just wasn't sure that there was a couple times where things might have almost got missed.
And it has me rather confused right now.
But in the past I've gotten a hold of representatives that were not well trained.
So other than that I guess I'd like to get more direct answers sometimes.
The problem is that I've had this problem since October of 2017 and it's still not resolved.
She the tech person escalated it to the next level and I'm hoping that by doing that it'll be resolved shortly.
The only thing that you could have done better is to replace the robot telephones with humans.
Could have been much better with the knowing exactly what medication called and explaining it better.
I can't think of a negative thing so I'm usually always happy with whoever I talk to.
She just went totally a hundred percent out of her way to help me with this issue.
Oh you might have kept a very good (unclear) of answering my questions and I'm satisfied.
Be blessed and I guess I'm finished can you tell me do I hang up or wait for a beep or what.
Not bothered me with you're trying to sell me.
In addition to that there are other things that seemed superfluous and wasteful for me.
Really there's nothing he could have done better 'cause he went above and beyond and he's probably (unclear) gave me the perfect customer service agent.
She's so great and yet she couldn't find the information for me.
I feel like I'm a little younger than what they think I am.
Nothing I'm waiting on the feedback from what I asked and see what that call will be on that and that's it.
Actually everything was answered satisfactorily and I can't think of anything else.
Folks could speak a little louder on the phone when I'm talking to you.
There was just a lot of confusion back and forth on the calls today but we got it straightened out so everything's fine.
(Unclear) this time I have no more comments to make.
So I'm I'm just trying to figure out you know if it's an annual visit why why do I have to work on you know the calendar year and not a physical year.
However my question revolved when I called in revolved around your webpages and your webpages are a train wreck they're terrible.
It does it's not helpful at all.
But this I know it takes a long time but that's the only thing that I have concerns about.
That's why nobody notified me and here I am stuck with an issue that's very uncomfortable and can be a major issue.
(unclear) put in a third call in there and let the specialist make the call and take care of it with notifying the primary not waiting now I'm going to have to see talk to the primary.
Other than that UHC you've been great for me.
Again the 1 thing you could've done better for me is not to omit the repetition of 0 to 10.
well I'll let it go at that.
So I'm kind of stuck here and having to pay out a lot of money that I don't really have because I'm on disability.
y'all were awesome.
Can't think of anything additional to suggest but thank you for asking the question.
Maybe there's some procedure I don't understand.
I'm tired of you people calling me.
On the statements when you put when you give us the member ID on the statement at the very last number on my statements they came up well they didn't come up there but there should've been a dash 1 on 1 statement and and dash something else.
Nothing could've been done better they just didn't have the information from the doctor.
I could have had a lower price for shingles what the heck is that thing shing re X would have been better if it was a lower price.
But you said today and in the last 6 months and the last 6 months I've had 1 or 2 issues where I wasn't totally satisfied.
Just done it a whole lot quicker and easier paid attention to what I was saying okay that's it.
It used to be on the old website it's not on this one.
it just doesn't feel right in my mind.
I don't know how many times I've called but kudos to management because I've gotten all good calls.
It's just that it's not the fault of the insurance company it was the doctor more so than anything.
I'm only kidding but.
It's very confusing for senior citizens to interpret four pages of writing which has no real resemblance to what happened but I'm gonna find out because I'm gonna go to the hospital (unclear).
They've actually been my friends for years now.
(Unclear) but they had a long wait to get to (unclear) and find out my details so that's okay.
You know the representative solved the problem wonderfully.
This is my first time being on your plan so if I answer this question three months from now then I'll let you know because then I'll have a better hold on it.
All the other calls I've made in the last six months they were confused and didn't know what they were talking about.
This is Cheryl Williams and the only thing I could find that y'all might could do better on is your registration.
She deserves a raise and put a good star on her on her files for me.
It's going to be done and nothing gets done and we have to start from the beginning.
She's moved to Largo but if she was okay for those offices why is it taking so long for another office in a new area.
Just love it and all.
But you can hear all those other people in the background and it's very distracting.
Well maybe just make the instructions a little bit shorter.
Well you've been doing pretty good.
He's just a people person I just.
Yes your gentleman Jerry went above and beyond.
Well the person was doing a good job but the survey just started.
The original miss billing is probably the one thing you could've done better for me but I'm not sure that was your obligation.
So that's my comment and the young lady to take my comment and my comment was predicated on your latest copy of renew.
That automatic system and I don't get along very well.
So that's my only problem I have.
Yes my name is Diana Braxton and y'all couldn't have did no better for me than y'all did.
Could've not hung up on me.
One calendar year yeah this yeah like in 2018 it would've been in August of 2018 but they've all said that it's not that's not so.
I'm hoping that everything comes out as expected as far as my claim.
Yeah put my through to somebody.
I thought that was really nice to go to all that trouble for me and right now I'm going to appeal the whole decision.
I've got a lot of stuff going on and we shouldn't both have to spend hours on the phone going from one section to another to find out what's going on.
Like I say $500 is not much of a benefit but anyway just my thoughts.
There seems to be a problem that I'm having with that.
Maybe it was me that didn't hear him quite well enough.
Ma'am anyone I've ever talked to in the last year and one month since I've been a part of.
I guess just the wait time but I know that it was something that come up that they didn't know about.
But y'all haven't been taking it out so now that I now it's just a month by month thing until you get me set up that's what we're trying to do.
I believe I'm spelling that right.
So I can think of nothing to say negative about her job with me.
It's just that we didn't get the resolution that we wanted and I'm still looking for a doctor but she was great.
The first one should have been a ten but the one didn't register so all ten and couldn't do anything better.
There's just (unclear) that I've got to get together before before you and I can complete the reason for my call.
So but I'll get back to you guys in the next couple of days and see if I can't get this straightened out.
To answer the question of what could've been done better on the call today truthfully everything was handled very professionally.
This happens often and if there's a delay in the mail or something and it's a couple of days late you always seem to manage to you know.
Okay the reason I gave an eight it was because it has not the problem has not been resolved and I should hear from Bill on tomorrow and then tomorrow I will hold on and take this survey again and preferably I'll be able to give a better report thank you so much.
So I don't think the person was from the United States I'm sorry to say.
there is not a single thing to add to that.
So there is nothing for me to tell you to get better on.
You've got great people working for you.
So I'm a little disappointed that it's been a month but hopefully this last call will have corrected that.
So it's really kind of hard to say anything negative when there's not much negative to say.
Was a little long to wait for but otherwise okay.
My only thing is it seems like your system takes a long time.
I don't know how long I was on the phone but it seems like it could be hurried up a little bit for everybody's sake.
As it is I'm going to have to (unclear) cataract doctor.
Your website was incredibly outdated and everybody I called wasn't there or they moved.
I mean it's not the driver's fault like I told the young lady.
But they don't realize that if we're not there in 15 minutes we're not going to be seen.
We got to give them what 24 to 48 hours notice that we're not coming.
And I'm really sick and tired of having to deal with incompetence of UHC.
Cuz I'm getting sick and tired of hearing that.
Maybe the computers could be a little bit faster because it was the computer that was slow not Will.
And I've only been on this plan now for 2 months and I'm already in the donut hole.
Well my problem isn't yet resolved.
He didn't wanna look up the claim for me.
I don't know if it's my line or your line but I had difficulty hearing but we.
I don't think there was anything other than what the lady did for me.
But they're not calling United to let them know what's what and it's very annoying because they call too often.
You covered it all so there's really nothing to say.
It's just going to have to be resolved later.
Solved the problem but it's in the process of being solved thank you.
We got it straightened out that's the main thing.
Actually I'm very happy with the way things have turned out I guess that had somebody previously given me an explanation of benefits that would've been a very big help.
I'm not sure I don't know.
So for right now that's the only thing that I've been told I'm assured to get rewards for for 2018.
And I'm not sure if that's correct or not.
And that's the first complaint sort of that I've had about any of the UHC calls that I've made.
So when they do their part I'll be convinced that the problem is thoroughly solved.
Because I'm really getting upset to have to keep repeating everything three or four times.
There's nothing you could've done better for me because all the information was good except maybe get a new administration and drop some places.
Well everything was alright so I don't need no feedback right now.
We needed them to answer a question quickly while we were there (unclear) times you all are open.
No problems you all the same.
Anyway I hope it doesn't come out wrong but for.
And it's show as being billed as out of network so just keeping up on you know who's in the network who's out.
It's just the feedback he was giving overall was insufficient so thank you.
Call me back instead of leaving me on hold for so long.
This is Linda Simpson I just got off the phone with your the lady that works there.
Those two dentist's never accepted y'all what they told me.
But I'm gonna try now to Google the number.
The one I got last on the 8th or whatever date I called last time they were really excellent too.
And that's what it's all about.
You could have provided maybe a (unclear) or a hot you know sesame seed bun or something.
If it's only about today I think everything was done that's possible and although there are some followups I will know from the followups how effective it has been but otherwise according to the way I see it you've been quite effective.
been calling in since March the issue has not been resolved and don't know what else to say.
you couldn't have done anything better the representative was most helpful and solved the problem.
that is enough to say it's a 10 for Christian okay thank you so much.
Yes I'm hoping that the price will not go sky rocketing for hearing aides thank you.
I also spoke to two other members previously today and all three of them the same thing applies.
Resolve my problem much quicker I've been chasing this claim for over 6 months that's all I can suggest thank you.
Well it's not your fault it was my fault (unclear) a lot.
I only put 9's because there's always room for improvement in everything.
It was provided completely and the representative that you're lucky to have went above and beyond being a just an employee.
Yeah I was just trying to figure out what some of the symbols on my form mean.
I'm not an electronic person and little friendly little box above my ID number I don't know what that meant.
Hi maybe it's possible that Sharlene could not have change anything given the system.
So the only reason why I gave it a 9 as opposed to a 10 is because it's gonna involve some effort on my part so maybe this is something that is policy I can understand that.
That would be a real feather in your hat I think.
I think it's up to me now.
She (unclear) everything humanly possible to accommodate me with my answers and my problems that need to be (unclear).
But the others was not worth a flip in fact they need firing.
Not waste time on the weather and the rain and all the things you should do when you go outside.
it must be some kind of contractual (unclear) appointment made a month ago and stuck with that.
Can I hang up now? Well I'm going to.
The only thing you could have done better for me was to call me back rather than keep me on the phone as long as you did while they talked to a 3rd party but it's not that important thank you.
Not sure if it was just too close to her mouth (unclear) mic covers that go on the head sets.
The only thing that I think could be better for some state to state that maybe they should know a little bit more about Epic.
So maybe it's kind of hard to know all the programs that are available.
Because I'm trying to do something with what they call sedated manipulation.
And it'd be nice if you did.
Well I like the way y'all did it.
That's the quickest I've ever gotten through to anyone whenever I've called anybody.
Oh I'm just trying to get a license plate remove.
put a hold on me until I've been able to be (unclear) you know be tested because he's worried that the Alzheimer may be gonna cause problem although I'm not having any problems.
So this and I'm just trying to.
(Unclear) could've did better for me 'cause everything that I asked.
Otherwise there was too many different areas and too many different things to do to remember it all.
I can't give no bad information on her or anything like that.
mistreat me or anything at all.
what I think was a waste of your money and time.
In other words (unclear) she didn't want to research anything.
Because every time they go (unclear) you get to hang up.
And in the very rural area I live in New York it's a little limited.
it's not really her problem but she helped me solve it.
Well everything's really good as far as I have to say.
As long as they show a good PR it was nice.
I'm going to hang up and try to call customer service again for the third time.
It would have been nice to have had a list of the oxygen concentrator supportable ones that are available that are allowed.
No y'all always been very good you know.
I don't have nothing to say except everything is going OK with me when I call.
The problem that we were having and it wasn't your technician's fault.
That's like 30 minutes and I can't understand why.
They're all telling me the same thing.
And it takes a disproportionately long time to find out that they all lied through their teeth OK.
If a copy of it exists why can't you send it to me? But I guess that's all I've got to say.
So I'm very disgusted right now and maybe I hope that something will be done.
Y'all are doing good.
Just transfer me to somebody who's up chain (unclear) and she's gone.
Yes this is Rebecca Hall and I cannot think of any issues that I've ever had talking to a representative or someone with the rewards program that I have not been completely satisfied.
That's not the rep's fault but she was great.
It should not have been this difficult for a senior to get this benefit.
Anyway this is what we're dealing with.
So very glad about the whole system itself anyway the people that worked (unclear) bye.
I'm sorry there's too many things.
It would've been nice to have the answers now.
This individual indicating that maybe I had the wrong information however it takes I don't know how you go about it.
Maybe not be on hold so long.
What I'd like is maybe another choice of a lady (unclear) I'm sorry (unclear) I prefer women and would like another name that's why I'm calling back.
Just maybe make me the conversation a little bit shorter.
And then section 111 there was a problem with that as well so I just need it done right the first time but I appreciate the agents help and it sounds like he took care of it for me.
And was 27 dollars so that's quite an expense but that's it that has nothing to do with this particular call.
I'm not sure I'm going to go back with this next year because I'm having a lot of problems this year.
I've been talking to you people I've been doing business with you people for years.
But it's doesn't happen that way.
'Cause she couldn't have got it any quicker (unclear) she (unclear) if it hasn't been sent to the computer yet.
I'm going to look it up now.
The more (unclear) the more it went up last time I had (unclear) it was supposed to go down.
Apparently there's nobody there who can figure this out right yet right now.
And I'm gonna call back in the near future if I need any help.
Well it may be but no he didn't.
But no I'm the one who goofed on this one.
And even talked about a few things that are happening in the world today.
(Unclear) you could've not cut me off on talking to a representative.
But you cleared up the problem perfectly.
This year we've had some tragic issues and we're still going through something now.
So maybe try a little bit harder guys.
And given the fact that I'm a veteran I appreciate that.
Not left me on hold for so long.
It makes the conversation go by fast and that's the best I can tell you.
Not ask (unclear) automatic because I still haven't talked to anyone but I'm getting the survey now but I haven't talked to anybody to set up what I need to set up about so that's all I can say.
I'm just trying to get some information and I haven't got it.
Now whether the follow up because she did everything she could do but whether the company with the walker will do as they should do even though she made it pretty clear they had better do it and if there's another glitch that's not her fault okay so I gave her a ten and it should've been a ten plus.
I have no response to this as far as improvement.
So that's the only reason I wouldn't have given all 10's okay thank you.
It could've been a little bit faster on the computer look up but it wasn't bad at all.
The music wasn't all that relaxing other than that I have no complaints.
No need to improve the lady was just spectacular.
So that's really my only issue and that was the last call a few weeks ago.
I'm trying to say ten not one.
The places where I've tried to go don't accept the policy that I have and it's very irritating and I'm really disgusted with this policy that I have.
I had no problem with it whatsoever.
And there's not one bad thing I can say about your company.
The one thing that could be better is that I could put passport plans online that would be nice.
I have no improvement for you it was very helpful even though I'm 88 and hard of hearing.
Not to have to call so many dog gone numbers.
it's just going to take a little while so I don't know that I've resolved my problem it'll take a month or two but other than that everything is fine.
And it shows what type of potentially boss he must have.
But they never hear the good part of things.
And just there are not enough words to say how wonderful.
So maybe if your system didn't spit them out quite as much that could be great.
Order numbers don't mean anything to me it does to y'all but a order number don't tell me what I've got coming and I would like to have a call telling me what I've got coming.
It don't tell me what I've got coming except your (unclear).
I don't like recording that comes up at first because all the information that I programmed in it's saying not able it wasn't able to get it or something.
But I'd like to get this problem solved.
So next time check it all out first.
So she told me not to worry because all my records with you are correct.
And I've really had no problems with this insurance company they've been so far knock on wood.
No problems with the service but the documentation just absolutely is terrible so it needs to be improved dramatically.
Maybe a callback when it was finally connected but that's the only thing and that may not be possible.
So I think I'm just getting the run around from this insurance company.
I wish I had known sooner that our doctors were dropping us because we've been with this group up here for 22 years.
That's all you need to know I'm gone.
But some of it's my ears too there kind of buzzing this morning.
No y'all guys are exceptional.
You answered the phone and that's the main thing.
Everything goes great when I talk to you people.
Connected me to a gal darn person so I could talk to 'em.
That was in 2017 in the fall so that's why you get just 9s instead of 10s.
I don't think you could've done anything better but I'm not sure it's resolved until I call up the references that I was given.
So it's nothing you could've done more better it's just in my mind the whole thing is not resolved yet.
I'm not sure what's the difference between today and January and February to get this matter resolved.
I'm assuming the matter will be resolved and alls well that ends well.
She's gonna have to call me back so that's why I answered the way I did otherwise everything was a ten but because the problem is not solved I couldn't I just couldn't answer a ten on everything.
real sure about I've got to do some looking up of canceled checks 'cause it's back in 17.
I've not talking talked to anyone.
When the loop was over before it started the new one it's very scratch.
What we could do better here in this case is on the searchability for information.
Not saying I'm angry but I'm just so disappointed in what (unclear) what has happened to me that I don't know what for the coming year what my decision gonna be getting another insurance.
Like my glasses I need a set of glasses bad that's one thing you could've did better.
Actually Diamond took care of everything for me.
Maybe a little quicker in answering the phone or something like that.
They're not coding the bill right or something.
But I think that the wait time was a little bit long and I understand why but I just would put that in as a possible thing to hopefully streamline a little bit better so that the wait time isn't as long.
It's okay she did very good wanted the correct department but it's okay.
The one thing that you could've done better for me is I could've talked to a representative.
Both of them are very very good better than everybody.
The gentleman who helped me actually solved my problem but then there was an issue that you couldn't resolve in addition so that was the issue.
whether it worked or not but that's why I called.
made it clearly noted or satisfied my concern that the matter is going to be resolved.
I'm still wondering whether or not it is going to be.
No shortfalls so and (Unclear) was the person that took my call.
The best thing I found out that you give us time like giving me time to find what I need (unclear) I'm asked.
No I've got nothing.
Everything's exactly perfect the way it is and I appreciate it.
She was great 10 out of 10 and the last 3 people I think I've talked to 3 in the last 7 months they've all been 10 out of 10.
They mean absolutely nothing to me.
Hello? Well I guess that's my three questions.
so this is a little unsettling to get this notice.
If you could pull that (unclear) system (unclear) that would be great.
But the proof of whether or not my issue was taken care of won't come to light for another month or two.
By the way I've done a little hiring and firing in my lifetime so I have some basis for making my assessment.
I'm thinking if all was well I just wasn't sure about my vision plan benefits and I'm still a little bit cloudy on what those might be but perhaps that's just my misunderstanding thank you.
Well your starting computer system messes up some place where I'm supposed to tell it something and it just keeps asking that until it gives me a representative.
They didn't tell me what time this seminar comes on until the very this last call and that solves my twenty minute problem.
So the first people I talked with about twenty minutes ago I'm not happy with at all.
The experience was really good so I have no offer for what you could've done better.
And now I mean you know the information could've been a h*** of a lot better.
I'm going through this red tape that I don't really need to.
(Unclear) very helpful but I guess it's not your fault.
So I didn't need the how are you and I didn't (unclear) all the clicking and noises and the thing.
But the point is is that obviously I knew turning 65 and getting Medicare might be a downhill thing.
One thing would be when the person was writing things down there's dead silence and don't know if we've been disconnected.
Really can't think of anything that (unclear) changed or done better 'cause (unclear) but he did a good job all the way around so (unclear) but everything was okay as far as I'm concerned bye.
I've only been with you since 2003 or 4 something like that.
That's all I've talked to are so far but anyway's and always anyway's.
And I think I had these about 8 years and the bottom ones is just loose and falling all out my mouth and stuff.
It truly from my heart it was.
But Nathan isn't one of them I'll tell you that.
It's the computer that needs some help and that if she said member number that also would've helped.
It's the being put on hold and listening to careless (unclear) music and it's just (unclear).
Just like you and Ivy doing.
Joseph made a valid effort to get things accomplished but the information just wasn't at hand.
I guess answer the phone a little bit quicker.
Wasn't too bad but it's the only thing I can think of.
She knows what she's talking about and she's very thorough.
So that would be the only thing just trying to get home care but everything else it was fine.
I'll have to spend another 50 to 20 minutes calling in and going through the whole d*** situation again.
Now I'm still after an hour and a half I'm still here sitting trying to find out what the h*** a secure message is.
And now the billing department is trying to do it something different.
And goes too fast or don't work half the time to put your number in and all that.
He was so exact friendly precise and all of your reps seem to go over the top.
I haven't had any problems with them to this point except for the denial of claims which they're working well with.
I can't (unclear) right now but everything was done well.
Y'all took care of everything just fine.
doing exactly what you're doing.
Basically that's it but everything else.
a small S he didn't give out his names which it wouldn't be appropriate.
I put my birthday in 5 times and they still keep telling me that I didn't get it right.
sh it's so out of date it's not funny.
The one thing that you could have done better for me is not give out so much information.
Everybody there knows what they're doing.
But if it's wrong which it usually is not whatever you guys tell me it's usually right and they're wrong.
They don't know what they're talking about at all.
Well I think you've taken care of everything if you got my name right as I called and requested.
She's a great lady and I hope she's around for a long time.
Just explain it to me a little clearer.
I don't think you could do any better this lovely lady went the extra mile for me just now too.
If there's any way Jeff can call me my name is Tom or Thomas Deluca my cell is 2628440698 I'm wondering if he still has a direct line thank you.
Having a bit of a hard time understanding the representatives that I spoke with if you can slow down a little bit maybe it's because I'm a of a (unclear) that my English is a little slow but it's a little fast and maybe slow down some okay? Have a great day thank you.
I have no way of knowing what could have been done better at this particular time or with this particular experience.
We got our information there and everything's okay.
I can't think of any way that the service could've been improved in this instance.
(Unclear) not so (unclear) because the price of it was a little high for my budget.
Well (unclear) all these interrogations and hearing all these different kinds of (unclear) you know.
So I'm going to wish you a good day and talk to you next time.
It's there's no words to for me to come up with to express the gratefulness of those people that just took my interview.
I imagine for power of attorney or whatever if anything happens to me.
We're so glad to talk to you.
My name I Charlie and the one thing you could've done better based on my recent call was actually nothing.
Hi have no comment everything went fine.
But it's not your fault it's the fault of the pharmacy itself which I'm having a hard time with.
Well a more definitive answer would have been helpful but then again I'd sort of fall between the cracks on this and I'm getting I'm waiting a from and we'll take it from there.
So you have a good day bye bye.
Okay well I'm new to this and actually there was nothing that you could do better on the phone.
I have (unclear) before we (unclear) and I (unclear) is in training (unclear) for a (unclear) information (unclear) too much.
So that's what you need.
Apparently the lady who did it messed it all up.
Well I guess I called you too late.
Well first of all I'm not sure it would be the call.
It's not the phone message that needs to be done better.
I don't remember the person's name but I'm sure you can find it in my records.
I don't believe there was anything that you could've done better other than maybe the computer system might have been a little faster for your representative to navigate.
There seems to be someone who's holding the papers that appear like a claim but Anna didn't know exactly what was going on.
I'm sorry I forgot her name.
The only thing that I can think of is the person that called and sold me on changing over to you didn't tell me everything correctly.
But that isn't your people that told me that.
We just had a little bit of confusion between trying to get Optum squared away down in the Phoenix Valley and Optum squared away up here in (unclear) Lakeside Arizona.
I've had a lot of trouble there's been a lot of mix up with our out of pocket expenses.
It handled my problem and that's it.
And the other thing is it's pretty ridiculous to be removed because people in my area did not use it.
So she's assured me and everything she'll call my back tomorrow with an update and everything so it's difficult to say that it wasn't resolved in the one call.
I can't think of anything (unclear) could've done better it was just perfect thank you bye bye.
Nothing you answered all my questions thanks to Jay.
I guess my (unclear) so okay.
So I don't know why it happened once and not another time.
I don't think (unclear) any trouble with the recording or with the person talking.
You it wasn't very long but it was a little bit of a wait there.
No comment on anything you could've done better because all my questions were answered.
The person that took care of me was.
Today the guy transferred me was a wonderful man handled it fine but they're having a system problem in pharmacy.
I can't think of anything because everything was taken care of very professionally so there's really no comment.
all of that assuming the information is correct all of that is in order.
(Unclear) and (unclear) y'all did a real good job (unclear) transfer me.
This claim could've been handled a long time ago and got back to me and tell me what the problem is instead of being almost a year out there and not being settled thank you.
Like these stupid home visits and stuff that I am not the least bit interested in.
And didn't keep me on the phone with a lot of rhetoric you know and she just got right to the point.
You always help me in any way anything that I've asked.
Maybe (unclear) get me information that I was talking (unclear) but I thank him.
But they're happy to do that and so that's acceptable.
The only problem I have is some of the doctors.
Is the reason for my call today I'm sure it was (unclear) but it will be resolved as of today they were gonna mail me one but there's that's no that's nothing to gripe about.
I (unclear) that I'm happy with that.
(Unclear) there a little faster could've been faster.
I'm very happy with the way the call went I can't think of anything you could've done better.
We have ten more days and then we'll no insurance coverage and I'm extremely upset about this.
So I don't think there's much more you can do 'cause I'm happy now and I'm satisfied with the outcome of the answers I have got from them.
I'm 74 and I think preventive medicine is very important.
So I'm just saying UHC is very excellent.
(unclear) online on hold for minutes (unclear) and nobody comes and then the line just gets disconnected.
They took care of the problem and they're always professional.
So not everybody there is a good person to talk to.
Hopefully I'll get my call before the week is out.
However it's still in the process so the problem hasn't been completely solved but we got things rolling.
The gentleman I talked with knew where I went to high school in the Bronx and I'm up in New York (unclear) West Point and he has (unclear) on the Rio Grande River talking.
He took care of everything for me.
Really haven't thought about it.
Could not have done anything better for me other than not having (unclear) in the first place but it was resolved greatly.
and I do understand that it's complicated and there's a lot of problems to address but 5 hours is too long of a time.
So I'm just exhausted and it's noon here in Chicago and I'm just going to bed.
It may be too long and I'm sorry for that but I'm.
But there's other people that needed a little bit of more classes or.
For me it's only to speak a little louder since I don't hear real well.
You did (unclear) a fantastic job no complaints.
I'm hard of hearing and I just didn't get the right information.
The PPO doesn't seem to be working too well in Madison.
As long as I can get this straightened out on it there's no problem.
They did as good a job as they possibly could do with the information provided to them and what they show on their end.
I'm not sure there was anything.
So I don't know who they hooked me up with but I'm gonna call back and try it again.
Did you hear me? I said she did a great job on the call couldn't have been more helpful.
I started this at 8:20 Pacific time and it's 9:50 Pacific time now and those 2.
My name is Ronald Thomas and if you look on my record maybe you'll see who talked to me.
The thing that drives me up the wall is that the information that is sent to me about the billing is cannot be understood by.
So I'm gonna have to spend time trying to get that cleared up.
Not having to be switched to so many people to get one thing done.
Put me on hold forever and that's about it.
This is Julie (unclear) and you guys are always on point.
Leave it as it 'cause you've got some good representative's.
Well the only thing is that it took a little extra time but I guess it's normal that's the only thing.
I think we've resolved my problem finally.
Not you're doing as far as I'm concerned excellent job.
Dexcom says they can't answer it that I have to talk to you and so I'm just going back and forth like a tennis ball.
Right now I'm actually not sure and I don't know if my question.
Never did have a problem with you guys.
The person was looking up my record and all that.
I think that in the dual complete section if there was anything that you could've done better it would've been to be able to have a phone call that's like this last person that worked with me.
But I thank United Health it was a very positive I'm hoping that once something's done it stays done and it's not back to having to go through that all over again.
Right now you're doing a good job and I'm well satisfied.
I'm not sure there (unclear) covered almost everything.
There are a couple of other questions but the on on both sides and have to think about them to to get resolution.
Other than that everything that we discussed as far as as far as we have the information.
Nothing extremely helpful about every time I call for information.
Y'all have done everything right so I'm satisfied with it.
It's just that my issue didn't get solved.
Evidently he's on the phone with someone else (unclear) so he's going to call me back.
So I think the program really left my mother out in the wind floating with no subsidy by not informing us of that.
There's not a thing that the young lady that helped me could have done.
So I'm not happy about that.
Okay is that it? I guess that's it.
They don't need to be speaking to me like they're still in the (unclear).
It's a paper and I can't cancel because I don't have the number.
I'll just wait for the papers to come in and I'll send it back.
Well it's always a little bit easier to have things go a little faster but I understand how paperwork and computer work can sometimes get a little involved in detail.
But maybe just have things go a little bit faster.
I just think it's been too many calls for the same thing.
It didn't take long but it would be you know a little bit better if they had the information right at their finger tips.
I'm not complaining about that I'm just answering your question.
I don't think there's anything because everything went quite well and my issue is being taken care of.
You're doing everything to satisfy me.
any questions answered I was given this stupid questionnaire that should've come at the end of the problem solving but is in the middle.
And would offer to do nothing for me and my bottom the worms at night was eating me up.
I wasn't crazy I'm a long ways from being crazy and the psych doctors proved that.
They're got all this stuff down here for y'all to pay and it is not true.
Well I've complained about a bill and you can't.
(Unclear) a change that I (unclear) representative Abraham was a little too polite (unclear) you know so I don't (unclear) outside being (unclear).
Put some people like the one I spoke with on.
She's very good at what she does.
So it would've been nice if I would've done this earlier in the year.
That would've been a big help but I guess can't have it all.
And did everything in her power to get this resolved for me.
So at least I got this taken care of.
Not to be on hold for that long a time.
I guess it was (unclear) updated system and they say in 48 hours I'll be back to Monarch like I want.
I'm not sure how they can track that.
He went over and above and hopefully he'll resolve my issues.
And if you guys had a twenty he deserves a score of twenty.
Okay this is your okay this goes out to Manila and the Philippines Filipinos.
Like I said this is your best friend from West Virginia.
And believe you me we needed this patience out here.
If that is in fact true that should be something everyone knows about.
I was inquiring about the over the counter essentials thing that you.
how do they know I was in there 5 minutes? Anyway I didn't understand why they.
how they knew that and where they got that from.
Well found out why it wasn't resolved in the first place.
I'm in a little bit of a confusing situation and will have to call later to get farther into this.
The one thing you could've done better today for me after the call.
Today's call was an awesome one is get more people like Penny.
I can't believe how awesome (unclear) is.
How quick she looked stuff up for me and (unclear) I just can't believe it and set me up in all the fields I need help with.
And it's taken four months when you could've done it in four hours (unclear) there's no excuse for that.
I mean yeah maybe a little bit wordy.
I'm not sure if I should end or there's any other symbol that I should press on my phone.
Been a little faster on the reply as to how much it was gonna be.
I'm very sorry to bring you bad news.
I just feel like I'm going to sail out through this and come out the other side in much better shape.
Honestly there would not have been anything that I would be aware of everything was handled in (unclear) manner and time politeness.
I'm happy with it no problems everything was good.
Yeah the reason (unclear) just trying to find (unclear) cheaper price.
Well this goes out to my.
I'm not sure that there is anything.
But I think you're doing pretty good.
You're the best thing in the world at what you done.
I'm taking it back to the dentist's office and see what can be done and I'll send it back in.
So in my book you guys are A plus.
When the time comes in a couple of months from now I will be dropping out of UHC.
The only thing is with there was a time wait.
Everybody knows all the information that needs be to known for the person that's calling.
Oh I'm here now I get helpful in the phone with her.
I thinking her I think her some problem so maybe Lisa will answer this question.
Try to list member id number multiple times it never got it right.
The only thing you could improve is your on hold music.
I need an addition because I've been with you for over 60 years and.
I mean it's not 60 years.
I'm just waiting to hear what the results would be and would've probably liked an email to know how it was going to be handled.
Less chatting and maybe get into it a little faster.
I would've thought you people had this down to a science by now.
Despite all the conversation did you get it right.
It's still wanting me to press this and do that.
They so far took care of the issue that I had and we'll see what happens in the future.
Anyway I'm waiting for follow up calls since the 18th and haven't received them yet.
They tried hard but what was very disappointing is the fact that it took so long of (unclear) left on hold all three times.
So very very disappointing in the quality of knowledge that the people had.
Not necessarily the way they treated me.
He really tried his very best to get a hold of the (unclear) Eye Group because he didn't see that they were on the plan but they really are.
Anyway he did leave a message for them so we'll just wait to hear back.
Am I done? I hope I'm done.
And UHC got everything all screwed up for that.
And I said it's never too late when you call in something like that in.
I'm sure he will.
But I found that is what today's rates are and it seems a little bit exorbitant to me but it's acceptable to you so that's good enough for me.
So can't think of a thing you could've done differently.
You've just been number 1.
And I'm glad that I am a Untied.
I am (unclear) okay but y'all done better.
All of them been doing nice.
But my opinion you know who it is.
All of your people been pretty good to me.
she went beyond if you know what I'm talking about.
Don't think she could've done anymore than what she's done.
she should of give me the exemptions right up first instead of me having to ask.
That's sometimes the wording of that has kind of overwhelming.
The only difficulty I have is understanding the conversation due to the fact that there's a lot of background noise and the connection seems fuzzy a lot.
So sometimes it's difficult for me to understand what's being said or asked.
And there really isn't anything he could've done to improve with the service that I received.
I've been with you a long time.
I don't think anything could've gone any better other than I'm just waiting to see the results of you know what I need to do.
My message is the office she's going to try to reach today is going to be closed.
She's persistent and she working hard on my case and I'm sure it's all going to come out just fine for every body.
Nobody answers my questions everybody just keeps transferring me.
I'm glad I got you guys going (unclear).
You've always done everything I've needed with no problem I don't see any improvement needed at this time.
Go over that and see if everything matches 'cause so far I am extremely satisfied.
Nothing really I mean you were asked to make a payment and that's what I wanted to know okay alright.
I been static I'm hearing bits and pieces of what they say I'm (unclear) they're asking what I said I'm asking what they said.
anything bad to say about the way that things were handled.
'Cause you talk to someone different every time everybody got a different version of what's going on.
So very nice but so far I'm having trouble finding a dentist.
The man didn't do anything wrong.
I'm just always ever been on any survey to kind of hit that top mark.
If the automated received it that should go over to the person that they're passing it to.
I'm not happy with how this healthcare system billed but I won't ever go there again so that's my story.
I have a hearing problem and the representative needs to speak very slowly and very clearly.
I got very lucky with (unclear) but please somehow up and above acknowledgment on how.
I can't think of a thing the representative was very helpful.
So which plan are we covered under? It sounds like a lot of incompetence's running around the office over there.
Maybe you're not too bright to start with.
Too bad it's gone down.
Well the one thing that hits my mind is somehow I had a problem trying to get on y'alls not get onto but to mention to you is that your music is kind of when it goes down I can't hear what it done is because it's not loud enough and then again other times it's loud and all this kind of stuff if I can hear it then.
Unfortunately it's because of the area I live in there wasn't a resolution to my questions.
So I'd say somewhere your automated system is not working.
They might get it to 0 but that's just the way it is.
kind of messed me up a little bit.
sh together and get it fixed.
The only thing is my question was not totally not completely resolved.
I think that the best thing that could've happened was if y'all would've explained right away what y'all what this claim is all about before we get all wind up mad because you have to get answers.
I don't think there's anymore things to do at this point.
(Unclear) for Glenfield that would be alright again.
It seems like the computers on their end were real slow in bringing up the information.
I'm sure she will.
And it's sort of obscure so if she doesn't.
They had difficulty understanding but they (unclear) a decent job.
So y'all have improved definitely.
The reason I punched zeroes for the last question is because I.
excuse me (unclear) I'm so sorry.
And y'all have done wonderful for me.
I just wish that in the book that you sent us in the mail that it wasn't quite so difficult to follow.
We're on a you know name to name basis and it's working quite well.
And no one knows where things are at.
(Unclear) could've done who was the rep (unclear) my hearing was correct.
That stops us from doing anything else while we're calling trying to resolve the problem.
I'm pleased to tell you that I think I'm entering my eighth year with UHC.
I find (unclear) the dentist I have is on page 102 in the left hand column at the bottom but Mr Ricks Dr Ricks who would.
he should have been on that very same page is not there.
And I'm curious because I get a lot it seems like I get a whole jar full of paper work from United and I'm very happy with United it's just the papers is something that I kind of could use could live without and then when they don't have the proper name in there it's something that I kind of-.
It took an awful long time and I'm still not sure that one of the doctors is covered.
I'm sure if you look into our recorded conversation between myself an Nina you would get the drift of that whole thing.
So there's no telling who you're going to be assigned to.
It's just that they need to get some more information.
He's going to call me back.
So that's why I'm not satisfied when you people hang up.
Which is on Memorial Day and I didn't expect it all so that's.
I'm not sure what the one thing that you could've done better for me because everything went very smoothly.
Actually at this point the only thing that could have been better have the (unclear) have the claim there so we could have reviewed it but he's going to follow up and work on it.
So I'm very satisfied overall and hopeful that it could have been done with this call but obviously it's going to take a little more time.
You've done it all.
So if they could do something with the call center that would be great.
She's going to call back tomorrow and then she can get somebody (unclear) call.
But evidently there isn't a company that does that.
And what a beautiful person and how lucky United is to have him for an employee.
And now I'm almost late for lunch so or supper so I hope the survey is done.
Just put my mind at ease now.
it didn't take long as far as the person to help me and I'm very satisfied.
Well if you knew automatically exactly what eye drops were covered and what weren't but maybe there's no way to know that.
It's difficult to understand it crackles there's static on the line and it really is hard to understand there's been times I've had I've hung up and had to call back.
It's not you guys.
Which I guess has no baring on your.
Okay this is from you big brother this is from (unclear) your big brother from West Virginia and your big and your best friend from West Virginia.
Philippinas and Philippinos and also to my last advocate only advocate the only girl I know.
And the one thing that you could've done and I don't know if it was something that was beyond your control is the putting on hold was quite a long time.
It was like 13 minutes and I believe the reason for the being on hold so long is the east cost west coast time difference.
So I don't know if there's much you can do about that but the person that the gal was trying to get the office I believe was already closed on Pacific Time Pacific Coast Time.
I'm not sure but really good lady.
I found out about the ear canal you know where they put in I thought you had to have it (unclear) in and you don't.
I'm not kidding you.
Because it was a little scary they told me I'd be blind in one eye maybe.
Jesus is come get ready and right with him.
or my eye drops are going to be so expensive.
Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia and also and your big brother from West Virginia.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and also your best friend from West Virginia and to everyone in Manilla the Philippines Phillipenas and to all.
Especially (unclear) rover the phone where you can't see the lips moving but other than.
To be honest with you I don't recall anything the 2 situations that the representative helped me with.
And (unclear) got on the line and started (unclear) belittle me.
Yeah nothing against the lady I spoke with.
That's all that matters to me.
Oh well we did get the message through and the work done.
Well the actually the initial entry into the site the questions are never I don't know.
It was kind of crazy but there are worse things in the world overall I still give you guys a 10.
About letter 12 things (unclear) not fast I mean she did real well she's a keeper lets put it that way and she's a 10 plus.
And she said and this and also this and this would be covered and this would 50/50 this would be this.
There is a lot of going on right now for us and this is the (unclear) that I run into before with two insurance companies and it's I've learned to be patient.
I'll be keeping my insurance still with you because I'm so happy with it.
And (unclear) to correct the (unclear) my mom was having.
Well most of the issues are kind of up in the.
I guess everything's going alright.
it didn't go through and it went right to the-.
So yeah good job I have no complaints.
Nothing really except your phone system needs a little of improvement.
Y'all could've let me know that y'all was not got to (unclear) my urologist I've been going to about 40 years is not in your thing.
So it kind of complicates things when I'm looking for providers thank you.
This rating scale I'm afraid to put in a 10 because I think it might take a one as not very good.
So I keep putting 9's in and I've told this message I don't know how many times you need to make your scale from zero to 9 not zero to 10.
He took the ball and carried it so he's a good employee.
This whole referral thing is a royal pain in the butt but other than that I'm pleased.
But that's the modern technology so that's the way it's gotta be.
The only I could suggest is for our older people is for them to slow down a little bit.
And we'll see how it goes.
You're doing fine the way it is.
No problems what so ever with the representative and also the young man Eric who did the scheduling for me I'm gonna have to go earlier to get to this appointment like thirty minutes earlier but that's okay I'm appreciative of the services that are being provided.
Oh it's not about it doing better.
Yes I'm sorry I pressed the right button.
No I can't recommend any change other than maybe the recording was a little curt.
Something need to be done with that within the laws and the regulations.
Again she explained to me the whole what type of plan I had.
I know I'm going I'm on complete dual and she went above and beyond.
But I'm going to see someone else that is in your network.
Except for you told me that it was only one question for this survey.
I don't think there was anything that you could've done better except because I'm on the passport program and will be traveling back and forth frequently from Florida to New York and back I.
it would be nice if it was just automated and I could just press some buttons and then I'm back in Florida or I'm up in Albany New York.
No that worked out fine the way it happened.
I'm too slow and it messes up me and the people I'm trying to communicate with.
But it's sort of useless to have that.
That's my only complaint it takes a human being to talk to.
The answer isn't what I wanted to hear but it was the answer and everything's okay.
I'm just not always understanding what they're trying to say to me.
give him where credit is due please and give him a ten.
That I'm just finding out that information so the representative that I spoke with today (unclear) did a thorough job.
There really wasn't nothing I am very satisfied with everything especially the house calls program.
This year we have to mail them in and it's going to be a lot more cumbersome.
That has to be very to be general but it always has to be the reference numbers for each call this might be the second call I think that's 2 or 3 calls in a week that has to be very clear for the next person.
Putting things of for later act like he don't know what he talking about.
There's not too much you could have done because social security is messing me up but everything else is okay.
Don't spend quite as much time ending the call when the customer is ready to hang up he's ready to hang up.
I guess they'll always be a wait to get someone on line but other than that it was great and that wasn't a long wait alright.
The one thing you could've done for me is made it clear that after you didn't cover my (unclear) this (unclear) that I got was a complimentary whatever.
As of right now I'm very pleased with the representative but of course there's always room for everyone in the world to have self improvements.
That's the only thing I have.
Wait time would not have been as long decrease wait time.
Word by word and when she said them vision she broke them benefits down word by word.
as I'm speaking y'all got a customer signed up for a plan as I'm speaking.
I have a little hearing issue so speaking more slowly and distinctly like the electronic version that I'm listening to right now would be appreciated thank you.
just within a minute so thank you.
So that's the only thing that you know I wish would be changed.
So that's one of the things that could've been done better 'cause then I called back I was told you didn't have a booklet.
So kind of way things got mixed up with your customer service representatives.
Just talk a little slower.
But that's the only comment I have.
But anyway is someone would call me back 9132295998 Judy Heard.
I can't see where they could've done any better with this call or the information they gave me.
I guess (unclear) went to the right place.
Part of this is the hospital's fault but I also blame.
Really don't have anything.
They're the ones that gave me the misinformation not April.
We're all set up and my husband's going to call tonight and make sure that I'm a contact person for him.
Did a good job but I just had a little bit of a problem understanding.
they lied to me the year before and the agent said oh yeah that's covered.
you're not on their list or whatever the h*** it is.
Now I'm still waiting to talk to people about this.
Been pretty good so far as far as I know.
So it's kind of hard at times to understand.
I've got your evidence of coverage online here and I'm looking at it and that's what I was looking for.
So I'm going to confirm all this but I'm satisfied so far that she's told me accurately.
That's my opinion and I'm allowed to say that.
Everything wonderful everything okay and I'm happy with it.
She deserves 100 percent of all the credit (unclear) cover it that way.
And as far as a brief survey goes Hanes makes better underwear than Fruit of the Loom.
I've told you that you've done nothing but harass me for the last year and a half and I'm sick of it.
It took a little while to get things squared away but that's business.
I'm just praying that it will see our way through.
When you tell me to select a value from 0 to 10 I'm always hesitant that if I hit the 10 1 is going to register and the 0 won't and this person will be graded at 1.
Give me more local address but I'm satisfied with what's going to happen.
'Cause sometimes they call me up and it sounds like it's an emergency and it's not really.
And they make it think like it's very important.
I understand it's more on the physicians end than yours but this is the third time around I've tried to resolve this.
I've got no complaints about her at all.
the frustration of going through this system and going through this over and over again is really frustrating.
you did an excellent job and I'm sorry I couldn't tell the difference between ten and zero.
on my husbands behalf just because it's my husband.
that was my only recommendation is that perhaps there's another way to do that.
Is there anything else I can say? Hello? Hello? Well I guess I'm gonna hang up if there's nothing else.
So nothing to tell you what to improve and what not to.
That's the reason I keep going back to you all every year.
Well you said this would be a 1 question interview when I called but it turned out to be 3 questions.
That has nothing to do with what she could do beaause there's just a limit to how much information she can give me.
I'm not sure that there is anything.
(Unclear) that's the only complaint that I have.
Gotten me to the right person to talk to.
Your worker just told me that it's not neccessary.
This is an ongoing issue that dates all the way back to March and I think maybe finally it has all been rectified simply because I was with a person who was willing to search out all the solutions and figure out where it all went wrong.
Oh my God your life just passes in front of your eyes.
Other than that hopefully my issue was taken care of.
So that's the only problem I had.
The only thing is I wanted a (unclear) because (unclear) fall.
I was trying to find a lighter weight hockey pin generator battery operated and the only things that you guys seem to have are just to heavy to carry.
It would be helpful if more maybe more experienced people were answering some of these questions about why a tier system exists so or how it's judged.
Nothing and your representative Anthea was outstanding.
But I've been through this procedure twice in the past month so if you could look into that and see what's going on I'd appreciate it.
It never gets fixed I have to call every time I wanna do something and I'm in Europe right now and it's 10:30 at night so believe me this is not something I wanted to deal with.
I'm going through the appeals department and it seems like their hours are never the same as ours for confrontation or phone conferences.
You did just a great job on this call.
And therefore that's what happened to me today.
Every question's asked three times before and we have no receiving (unclear) is very helpful and good.
That doughnut hole that you claim you have is not working.
At which I understand that everything takes time for calling and processing but otherwise everything went really smooth.
I'm so deaf it's very hard for me to understand what you're saying.
So I'm going to hang up now because I don't.
you could've done any better than the one that answered all my questions the way I asked.
But I have to wait 3 business days to see if this referral's gonna go through.
Nothing really except they should've sent a letter stating what this was about.
I'm waiting to hear a reply on the questions and at that particular point I'll be able to make a judgement as to how helpful they were.
Really made me a lot smarter about this thing.
So I'm calling today to get it taken care of.
It just seems like a waste of time and energy for everybody and it's costly.
Don't have any I mean so many questions how long could it take you know.
And this is Judy Cornell in Rochester Indiana and if want to get back with me.
That's what happened to me.
And I know that's not all on UHC.
a lot of ins and outs to getting it done reasonably.
So right now is not a good time for me to be taking a survey as I'm not satisfied.
Like I said please don't hold this on Fanessa.
The other 4 put me on hold didn't ever come back couldn't answer my questions correctly.
So I'll probably be making some changes but not right now.
I'd really like this issue resolved.
They put you off on somebody else.
The agent was wonderful however the policy of United pulled a real dirty trick in stopping coverage of a very commonly used anti depressant and just kind of doing it out of the blue.
It's okay maybe other people need that but I really caught on pretty quickly.
So I'm not sure exactly what's going on.
Brought the right account up instead of me having to go through everything again.
Okay this is to everyone named Manilla and all.
Well the first thing he could have done is (unclear) extra help and we're struggling to even get by.
We'd like to get that back again if it's possible because I haven't got the prescription.
As long as everything goes as my conversation (unclear).
The drug company seems to be very unresponsive and takes too much time.
If they'd have left that formula on there instead of taking it away.
My only concern is that this is a repeating issue with your service and I have concerns that this will pop up again.
They do a good job but the error that I have keeps repeating.
(Unclear) the gentleman did a great job and that's it.
You could have done nothing better and the first one should have been 10 not 5 the answer to the first question.
And I sent you guys a few dollars for the bill and that's it and have a great weekend and a good summer.
I had no problems with you all at all.
Especially if you're sitting there alive (unclear).
It actually hurt my ears.
another one will give me a different answer so accurate information is what I'm looking for Michelle Berry is.
Known who the doctor was that we're trying to change to.
The only thing would've been for your system to be working.
And I'm Elizabeth Flynn if you need that I'm not sure if you do or not.
But it doesn't say that and it doesn't show what has happened and it's as I say it dates back to December.
So it's a little confusing to me and maybe it's because I don't understand the system.
I'm gonna hang up now okay.
And most of them say well I ain't never heard of that before.
Usually I have to wait some time but today it was fine there was no there's nothing wrong with today's call.
Well she took care of me fine.
Nope call was fine I have no other questions thanks.
Nothing just trying to resolve a claim thank you.
You could've told me all this information sooner or had more men helping like just help me he was excellent.
I'm on a cell phone so I always push 9 so if I pushed one then that would be bad so I just go 9.
I got good it's kind of vague (unclear) listen to the words.
(Unclear) the information that I need and (unclear) update the books that y'all sent us out (unclear) 2017 book.
The letter related to the fact that we're out of network needs to be edited for grammar and also for punctuation and needs to be clearer thank you.
So it kept saying that line is not in service.
When the person tells you their age then you don't have to go all the way back to 20 year old.
So no it's good the way you are right now.
it seems like this is the second time I've done it and it takes so long for someone to just put in two dates you know and the location.
It just seems like I'm on the phone a lot longer.
I could've heard better it's not your fault I have a hearing problem.
You could give me the representative instead of the survey that I'm supposed to talk to.
Could've been more concise with the amount of money I owe you.
It's just the fact is that man this is the second time that they've tried to correct the situation and it's probably the problem with the office worker at the doctor's office.
I really can't think of anything right now other than I'm it all had to do with the computer and I really (unclear) wanting to be want to be involved with the computer.
With this gentleman that I had on there a minute ago I can't think of anything.
No I had no problem so everything's been just fine.
I'm not sure if I'm disconnected or not.
Because I have a feeling that I'm gonna be on hold for awhile.
If I'm not on hold for awhile that's fine.
So I'm just making that point maybe a little stronger.
The only thing is it just took a long time to get everything settled that's all I have to say okay.
Okay my name is Rudy Howard and I have UHC and (unclear) Complete the one thing that could be done better.
Them should've told them that long before this and they had more than enough time so that's what could've been done better.
Other than I know the operator had a hard time hearing because there's a lot of background noise from other operators on her end of the line so you could fix that (unclear) it would be nice.
But you're still calling to someone else to get to that someone.
Not that you're on the phone for forty five minutes to handle one little thing.
You could've solved this problem twenty one days ago the first time I called.
Courtesy compassionate friendly I have no complaints whatsoever.
But once Donald understood what our problem was he took care of it through the registration step by step.
Totally problem resolved and without the help of Skip it wouldn't have got done.
But you've got a good bunch working for you.
Well the beep was really loud in my ears.
doing as well as she could with the confines of her computer system not cooperating.
I haven't been on it too long so I can't explain it.
I have no information on anything going better because it went well.
I'm satisfied with you don't have to do anything I'm satisfied that's it.
But it's just weird I end up having to ask per rep and it did go through them other than that everything went fine thank you.
Well I'm not sure it just seems like (unclear) so (unclear) conversation thank you bye.
So that's what we're looking into and it has nothing to do with he didn't get his credentials in on time Doctor Therein here in Florida and that was that's the problem that they're going to solve after Memorial Day.
Seems like a waste of my time waste of your time.
They're really all good half the time I can't (unclear) what I want.
Can't think of it right now thank you.
You're just a good company and I have no complaints.
They said (unclear) and this is not the first time that they've called me.
I've been (unclear) every person that I've talked to in the last couple months.
Very professional (unclear) handled (unclear) no change needs to be made it was very good service.
So when I get that information I'll call back and I'm sure I'll get perfect answers.
There isn't a single one thing to tell you.
and (unclear) this it was an additional so I don't know what but 35 minutes and going on 35 seconds.
I think that (unclear) Jessica as my (unclear).
It took me maybe 3 4 phone calls to finally have this resolved but anyway (unclear) everything is fine and I'm happy with it.
Have the answer to my question answered a little faster.
She took her time in explaining things to me in layman's terms and I believe she's an asset to UHC as a rep.
Do they want me to punch a button? What did (unclear) she say (unclear)?.
he wants it right now and they took over 3 weeks before they decided and then they turned me down and I don't know why and I'm gonna find out why.
It was excellent I can't come up with anything else.
And you'll be hearing from me again.
Everything (unclear) when I call (unclear) with all information and with the (unclear) and I really appreciate that.
Probably because you're trying very hard which is wonderful to satisfy everybody.
But it's not simple it's just difficult to find what I'm looking for.
There was nothing that you could have done better I'm just waiting to hear from the go to the next step.
Well the first guy first sent me.
I get confused sometimes on the phone tree but that's probably not your fault.
Thank you and (unclear) been more than kind.
I think (unclear) like it is.
I've gotten two calls automatically (unclear) and I really don't know why but I guess just to see how I'm doing.
I guess really nothing at this point.
Anything else? Do I just hang up? I guess so.
Which everybody has one in they're very undesirable.
I guess that's the only (unclear) could be improved on.
You should've explained it a lot easier to me.
And not real trained in terms of trying to help me.
I can't think of anything other than it took a little while to look up the information but that wasn't the problem.
A little bit more helpful (unclear) but then (unclear) talk to (unclear).
You will be calling me back so at this point in time everything is wonderful.
I'm being led around in the circle and I've been told nobody except that my provider.
This is nonsense and I'd like to speak to upper management regarding this.
They've done it to me many times.
The one thing could've done better for me is to listen to when someone calls.
Right now I don't think there is anything.
All right? I couldn't get through to the other people.
I'm so happy that you are my insurance.
And will know if everything is successful completion whenever the collection bureau that it's been taken care of.
I'm hoping that I don't have the problem with that on December 4th.
Because I'll be mailing this six days before June the first and it's still not soon enough.
There's nothing you can improve on from my point of view.
So that being said your customer service really stinks.
What are we doing (unclear) well.
I think you've done fine as far as helping me.
Then they're not delivered and they're not sent.
you know took half an hour for nothing.
I'm going to give Marcy 4 gold stars because she did the right thing and she helped me get into the survey.
she really gets 5 gold stars but I can't do the survey.
It's not the person's fault that I have a toothache and there's nobody there to answer questions.
The third person finally told me oh you can't do that until business hours on Tuesday.
Hopefully this time it will be.
Maybe get to talk to a representative a little bit sooner but it wasn't too bad.
But then when they checked on 3/20 he wasn't in the network so I don't know what's going on with that.
So that's twice I think it's the same person I don't know for sure but that's twice that same persons done that to me.
Well there wasn't really anything any better I'm looking forward to being set up with you and I think that I'll be getting everything.
Nothing my first response to question one was a ten not a one thank you.
They argent being mailed to me I don't know what's going on I realized that I'm probably creating some of the problems myself.
or days it has to do with the.
Honey I don't know I'm going to pick up my prescription right now and if I'm able to pick it.
Because 2 days ago it was supposed to be cleared up and it wasn't thank you.
OK this goes out to my.
And as far as I know I'm well satisfied.
Like I said prayer goes further and you know when it (unclear) and you'll feel.
you'll be a whole lot better and I'll tell you right now.
Right now it seems like all's you done just all you could do and I appreciate the help.
Maybe it's my fault but I'm not sure.
A little difficult sometimes to understand the language problem as far as that's.
So if this goes through you know okay.
Got me approved and we are on our way there to get my husband better.
All it's doing is causing frustrating and anxiety and getting people like me getting pissed off.
Okay this goes out to everyone in Manilla.
Everything to be done was done so it's just a matter of going through my sources now and going from there.
This is to everyone in Manila and this is to all the Philippines Filipinas and Filipinos saying that this is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia.
The question was asked you know okay let me start over.
Okay this is coming from your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia.
Okay this goes out to my.
Philipinas and also this one right now goes to my little baby sister named Justin and she is.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia and saying to every one from Manilla and to every Philippines and Philippinos here's to (unclear) my big sis and her name's River.
And we'll see where it goes from there thank you.
I don't know of anything other than have no background noise because I'm hard of hearing and you know the interference that comes with background noise and not speaking loud enough.
Honey they are always helpful.
No but sometimes the receptions over the phone is not that good but that's pretty much the only negative of my experience dealing with your UHC.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia also this is your favorite best friend from West Virginia to everyone from Manilla to every also to everyone from the Philippines Philippinas also to my last advocate.
Memorial day and I don't think you could've done more.
Could not have done any better (unclear) watch me put a gold star on Natasha's report card.
Okay this is from your big brother from West Virginia saying to my little sister from Manilla her name is Rhonda Lynn so take care my little sister.
The only thing that could be better is any other way to personally recognize my host who's name was Gary exceeded my highest expectations of customer service.
So and I can't because it's holiday I can't cancel it and I don't want to because I've got to get that over with too.
I mean everything's fine (unclear).
It aught to be unlimited because the people who have talked for a long time are the people who feel strongly about something and I've not been able to say that on the survey and I hope that got onto the survey.
And on the survey regardless how long the call goes please take the caller-.
But it would be nice to know why there's such a problem getting simple hardware claim for $70 refund taken care of.
It's become a mess and it shouldn't have.
I understand it being a Sunday so it's no big deal.
Everybody here watch Angela now and take notes because Angela just gained y'all a customer.
Well it wasn't too long today but sometimes it's very long.
It's nothing that's in her control but she was you know offered up.
Sounds crazy to me.
what I plan to do it to look at this thing toward the end of the year and see whether I'm in the right plan or not.
Anyway I'm going on here but anyway my main point was let you know you have an excellent lady there on that phone.
But I guess that's what I gotta live with 'til December when it's time to relook the plans over.
It's been hard for them to understand numbers and spellings.
if it hasn't' solved the problem it has definitely made me feel better.
So I'm not sure what you could've done better except not mailed a post card.
The this is not a good evaluation on my part because the things you asked me I didn't really have resolved.
So several things here are just are not really accurate.
I just answered as you as the survey question so really it can disregard because most of it I am just waiting thing now.
So therefore we won't know 'til maybe a week or so.
Aaron could've done better or any of your representatives.
Sometimes that's a little difficult but today there wasn't any problems.
This is Memorial Day so I don't think that there's anything you could've done today other than what the representative did.
They rescheduled my appointment and so it's closer and I'm not sure I'm gonna get a ride tomorrow.
Which is astronomical for me because I'm 70 years old and could hardly afford this.
So he gave me terrible false hope and he doesn't know his job he doesn't know the different tiers.
Now it's in my hands so thank you.
And also this goes to all everybody in Manila and also to like I said to the Philippines.
So if I think of anything though I'll call and get a hold of you guys later.
So alright really can't take surveys I'd understand.
Which I'm sure you can't do anything about.
It has nothing to do with your very polite people.
I don't know what could've been done any better for me than how Marcus handled my call.
So that's a beginning anyway for me of understanding this.
Terribly helpful in a short period of time and he did everything that you would like to see in customer service.
your representatives have always been right on the ball.
But the truth is there's no answer to my question there's no passport service in Michigan.
The other the only thing that could've been better is she can't guarantee me that I won't have to do an appeal but she says that's one way of doing it.
So that was the only reason was that there may be another step involved with me I don't know.
Okay this is to your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia speaking to everyone in the (unclear) to every Philippines Filipinos.
Like I said your still my favorite person (unclear).
It seems like the hospital (unclear) dropped the ball so thank you for clearing that up and that's it.
I sure hope this isn't indicative of how my experience with UHC's going to go.
I appreciate it and I'm glad I'm back with UHC.
I think everything's just great with you's.
Chit chatty kind of talk less of it thank you.
But everyone he called was either no longer practicing at that facility or whatever.
It seems to be I just am a new customer and right now everything is fine.
And we'll see what happens down the road when I have any problems.
Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia and coming to everyone in Manila Philippines Philippinos and also this is my last advocate.
Not a piece of pie's at this point when medication is attempted to be picked up.
So the one that the lady gave me is where I'll be going but it is quite a ways from my house.
78 and I don't understand why I'm paying this.
But as far as the company they ought to get their records straight.
And what it is is first he was on then he was off then he's back on again.
and I'm gonna go ahead and say how much I appreciate (unclear) every phone call I've had with UHC.
Well I'm not sure but I don't know whether I'm through yet or not.
So I guess the answer is nothing better.
So I guess the biggest thing I would say that could be an improvement would to be to lower the background noise in some way.
It's just a statement that it was (unclear) and it should say something like please wait until the bill comes through.
You did a pretty good job other than the fact that it took like almost 12 minutes until you talked to somebody.
That's I guess that's really normal so that's the only thing.
It's you know so much cheaper and I'm very happy with you.
I've not talked to anybody.
It's very difficult to get this done without jumping through all kinds of hoops.
I don't know whether my thing is resolved or not.
So that's the only it wasn't her fault but that's it.
Every time I call y'all or y'all call me I'm very satisfied.
So I guess that that's not exactly the best thing in the world.
I don't believe anything other than the waiting period.
I'm just very tired because mister Harding's in the hospital and I'm not.
It's more just the doctor's office couldn't be gotten a hold of as yet today.
Because everything's been real you know good satisfaction (unclear).
Y'all don't need to improve at all.
I don't know which one is the correct one.
That would be the only thing thank you.
(Unclear) the lady did everything right.
This lovely person on the other end helped me with the situation so there isn't much else.
everything was good so I have no complaints or anything like that.
have nothing to say other than my representative Crystal was professional.
I suppose the only thing that I can think of is that my hearing is not so great because I'm older and if they would just speak up.
When you leave them that way what happened in my case was that that line for some reason shut down on me.
Usually the advice I get is pretty straightforward.
It took kind of a long time to have this resolved.
Because I'm old it would be easier for me to understand them if they didn't talk quite so fast.
I have no problem with any of it with my plan.
I'm sorry I was pushing the wrong button.
Every time I call in it's always good.
Yes Frank could've been a little bit more.
It seems that prompt never understands what you're saying.
In about 3 minutes we had everything taken care of.
We don't have a computer and it takes a long time to get a representative and going through all those different questions again and again.
Went way above and beyond what I expected so just keep up the good work.
However since I had to hold on like everybody else I think you need to improve your elevator music a little bit because it is terrible.
I worked with Benjamin the man's name and to (unclear) and that he solved the problem and I'm happy that the bill has been paid.
The one thing that could have been better for me and I'm not sure that you can do anything about it is put a psychologist that was recommended to me Dr Francis X Clifton on my plan and he's not on my plan so I can't go to him.
Y'all I'm happy like what your doing so I'm fine.
The problem is not with you guys.
And then to delay some more they to me no sir.
There's no reason that prescriptions should be so high.
I've gone from $35 to 82 now and I haven't gotten that much raise on Social Security.
And your person went over the list for me.
So I'm gonna take it up with the pharmacy.
That's why I'm trying to recommend it to my son.
There's really nothing you could've done because I'm in new category of medication now.
And then she'd say is this it and I'd go no.
And while some people might be frustrated with the hold time I'm certainly willing to do that if it means that we are getting accurate and appropriate information.
But I'm gonna have to go to my doctor and find something (unclear) something else.
I guess that's all huh?.
I'm sure you can look it up and see who it was that helped me.
It's just a little hard to understand the lady.
Actually gone through the escalation rather than jumping me to a stupid survey.
I (unclear) aware of having (unclear) those to come in.
But there's somebody's helping me but at the same time the issue was not resolved.
Have somebody that can understand what I'm saying to them.
They took care of my problem and I haven't got the problem anymore.
So he's gonna call me back and get ahold of him later.
The process should be improved so it doesn't take that long.
I'm just very unhappy and I guess that's California's rule.
I think because we're in the same Hogue and Saint Jude and Saint Joseph's are all together and I'm changing just from Hogue to Saint Jude which I just feel it like it should be able to be changed within even a couple of weeks would help.
I find that the it's a little bit difficult to understand and hear what is being said and that may be my hearing but that's my only problem.
And you know what I'm up against here financially and otherwise that's about it.
I'm not sure what question I'm answering here.
I'm sorry I must've pressed the wrong thing.
Not make it so complicated to get into your website.
Y'all have been super every time I've called.
You're a heck of a lot better as far as I'm concerned.
I'm okay with everything that we talked to the representative about.
up 'til today I've started with the plan and I like it a lot.
You did fine there were no suggestions on my part.
Done the impossible like get me out of the donut hole.
It's a really good company to (unclear) to do with.
If it had cost me a little amount you'd have helped me.
And then I run out of med's and now I'm hurting so bad again.
I am not seeing on the screen the same as the advisor or your representative does and that's a little disconcerting.
Takes a load off my mind so thank you very much.
(Unclear) was bad but they wasn't that bad but I'm no longer with them.
I talked to 1 2 3 4 5 6 people and it still isn't figured out.
It's just you know.
You tell me exactly what I (unclear) situation (unclear) to get and everything was fine.
And other than that you (unclear) doing pretty good.
I don't know if it was on my end or you alls end but everything was good.
If I do think of something in the future I'll let you know but I've been very satisfied up until now.
But he didn't even come back on and say hey I'm gonna transfer you or nothing.
And so maybe that's the only thing that kind of it's it's everything's computer generated and it doesn't always fit the situation accurately.
It took several trips to get the information to you but I guess they got it there so I'm okay.
This is (unclear) you ain't got to (unclear) run around about my medication.
Not just send me an updated because it didn't show on this one.
The only thing I can say is that there was a lot of background noise making it a little more difficult to understand the person.
We needed additional paperwork so she's gonna call me back at an hour from now and we will resolve it then.
And basically my health plan has been.
It was taken care of in a matter of a minute so I don't think you could've done better.
A senior that is out there wondering what's going on in the world.
Provide us with a statement that reflects what the numbers are that were filled out here they were all zeros.
I think if everybody checked the information what they supposed to.
This is the second time we gotten this bill and evidently it was she tried to take care of it.
It wasn't Jackie it was another person and she tried to take care of it and they wrote they address down wrong.
I guess it's just a policy.
And I'm just appreciative of the fact that you have the service of these people.
I'm eighty three and (unclear) and so on and I need all of the help I can get I'm sweating out here.
If they had a better computer system where the representative could've helped me.
So I'd appreciate it if they could (unclear) at the time that it's due.
That is the only problem I have.
(Unclear) every time I call I find positive results with you guys.
If she could find a way to get rid of him that'd be great.
But your representative gave me a path to follow and that's what I'm gonna do.
The thing that would've been better I like to hear the name of the person I am talking to.
That's the only thing I complain about.
The only thing is he didn't get a chance to finish so he's gonna have to finish it and call me back back at a later date.
And he's gonna make it better for me.
I'm just saying that would've made it a little.
I'm not sure if the very question if I hit the right buttons but my call was.
in the end you know it ended out of us talking to a regular person.
And the only thing maybe is a little less wait time but it wasn't terribly long.
Yeah you guys could've given me a winning lottery ticket.
Plus our spend down for our prescriptions has gone sky high and I'm not very happy at all.
If you had just come on every so often and said sorry but we're still looking and please hold on.
I'm not sure how to answer this.
Well there's some things you could've been better but it has nothing to do with the person who tried to help me.
But this has nothing to do with the lady that helped me.
As far as done better the only thing is when something's denied if it would indicate it was because it was denied for double billing that would help.
But as far as getting it straight in my understanding it and everything coming out right and the agent that helped me.
Anyway that's everything's going well.
well whoever it has been.
I'm not sure what office she was in.
The only the only concern or not a complaint but I was transferred without being why and to whom.
Well as pertaining to this telephone call I think it was done very well.
Have a you know I had a little difficulty hearing because the connection's not very good.
I don't know if it's your fault or a problem with my line here but other than that you know I'm satisfied with the results of my call.
That's all I need and that there's a lot of things said that weren't needed to be said.
Is that it don't ask me guess it is.
Guess I'll just hang up.
Just joking give him a raise he deserves it.
Really nothing except that you know I have to write a letter which seems like a lot of hassle.
Seems like something that could've been done here and now that's it.
The only thing the only problem was your system was slow.
Which when that information comes in it should go right over to them.
Has taken me hours everyday that I have to call and I'm upset about that so hopefully this last time that I have to do this.
I got my answers and there's nothing more you can do for me at this moment.
Y'all are doing great.
So if you people could get your act together 'cause otherwise next year I'm switching to Keiser.
Well right now I'm not sure.
It's the wrong name on the card so I guess in that respect it wasn't good but the person that helped me today was very helpful.
But otherwise it's all been good but they didn't resolve my problem until now.
Not have to shove me off to a different company to research something that's so easy to find.
Well I don't know because so far so good.
So I don't have nothing to say bad now it's alright right now.
Well I don't think I've ever been treated so well than by the gentleman from the sales department.
Because I'm falling into the gap now of the doughnut hole and help me figure out I have to plan for how much.
You could've told me up front is was three questions you asked.
And that first one (unclear) supposed to have been a 10 too and it ended up a zero.
Not have me on hold for such a long time.
it's pretty good as it is really.
I'm from the old school and I'd like to have a hard copy of something.
Why this is happening I don't know.
It might just need some hold music when you're put on hold there was no hold music and I don't like.
None of them seemed to really know what they were doing (unclear) intentionally a very bad experience.
Things are going great with United Health and I hope we got that matter cleared up.
It was just a mix up on paper that she took care of.
Nothing really everything went well just had to wait for the rep to make appointments so was on hold but nothing too dramatic alright bye bye.
Probably the best that I've run into really frankly.
Just talking to your representatives was all good for me.
Well there's a promise that you're going to be able to help me and I'm going to hear tomorrow.
And that way I know what's good.
Well the one thing you could have done better for me especially us old ladies maybe to reduce the price but the lady she did good.
I guess the mail was better in the old days.
Like everything else but I'm just used to sending everything out the second.
He just did great anyway's so that's my survey the end.
This has been going on now for 4 or 5 months and every time I get somebody new they make an effort but they never seem to follow through.
For us it becomes a bit difficult because we also don't know English.
Okay? Do you hang up now? (Unclear).
It would seem like it took a long time to answer all the questions and that's all I have to say.
Anyway it's important to slow it down a little bit.
Well right now with this particular help that I got was just enough.
This is my first time so that's why I gave it a 4.
(Unclear) was the my advocate you couldn't find one better than her.
Speak louder but maybe that's because my hearing isn't good.
Just answer the phone a little quicker but it wasn't bad.
We don't really know quite how that will work but I'm going to start checking into it but that's the only thing.
So that works but I'm a little weary about this 20% copay for the chest because I need several of them and I'm on Social Security.
That's the only thing I have.
It didn't take her long to find what the problem was.
like the guy was supposed to.
There are things that should be corrected though.
I'm not to satisfied with this particular representative at all well I'm not gonna say at all but he seemed rushed.
So it's been over 2 weeks now and we finally found Doctor Davenport and I'm happy that were having such a hard time we might have to wait until July they said.
So I'm proud of what you (unclear).
We've got nothing but excellent service on everything I can't say any improvement in any error because everybody seems to be always willing to help.
made me feel better and we figured it out what the problem was.
I mean this is as good as it gets.
It sucks that sometimes you have to look at the dates (unclear) on the bill.
But again I guess my question is why was the letter sent in the first place.
And that's about it I guess.
One thing you could did better for me let me know that I'm (unclear) in my plan.
So I can't really answer your survey properly at this time 'cause I haven't received anything back yet.
So that's terrible that you got a robot on there.
That's about all I've got to say to you.
I think you're doing a ten.
Is that it? Anybody (unclear)? That's it I guess.
Also I'm glad you're doing well.
The one thing you could've done better is give me some information on what's happening.
Well the only thing probably better would've been faster but I don't think that that would work.
I don't know what you can do about it but the wait time was almost 45 minutes but that's it.
The only thing I can think of that could've been done better is I'm getting a refund and it's going to take three weeks possibly to get here.
I'm just getting al little impatient.
She told me that it was processed on the 24th so I'm hoping it gets here this time but that's.
the data we needed to resolve it and so he was working on that for me.
So that would be nice if we could that automatically.
Somebody has her numbers wrong.
I guess the problem is being honest with the billing.
Your last question doesn't quite answer it right.
But somewhere whatever it is when it leaves his desk (unclear) this man here is the first time I talk to him.
And this (unclear) here the last one for 1400 and 40 some dollars from what I understand hasn't been processed.
Now that would make sense because if you look at the timeline that would be pretty early.
But he's gonna see what he could do tomorrow to help that along.
So other than that the people that I've talked to are great.
Getting it from getting the paperwork our properly doesn't seem to be very good because I've gone through two other people and-.
I'm just so upset that breast cancer has to be every 2 years now.
Obviously this plan doesn't have that that issue.
this time I cannot say of any way that you could improve for us at this time.
So you have one heck of an employee there by the name of Lisa.
Probably one of the best I've spoken with so that's all I have to say.
There's a (unclear) that's apparently the reason for my problem but I always have a problem with the website.
It was fine I don't see any need for any kind of improvement thank you.
She gets an A plus and thank you bye bye.
I don't think you should've asked me my date of birth twice by 2 different people.
That is the only thing I need.
Well I don't know about the one thing but it is not completely resolved.
That's why I gave it a number 9 because it's not completely resolved.
No I'm happy with the services you have given me everything is well.
the way it was done perfectly for me.
This is the first I've reached someone that didn't sound like they were really interested in helping me.
So I'm going to call back later maybe it was a bad day.
It's sort of hard to understand when I get someone like form India or something but alright thanks.
The service (unclear) very pleasant what do you call it conversation.
There's no need for any improvement that I can see.
Beats me it's your system bye bye.
I see you've improved quite a few things.
It's very upsetting to me that when I.
Sorry to screw things up.
You know and I'd just like for everything to continue as it is and I'll be more than pleased.
There's no additional information that I can give you other than that.
I'm just not really sure but anyway.
So I'm just letting you know according to your question.
It took 3 people and everybody had the patience to help me.
Hard to say because I've called 3 times for.
And every operator seems to do the process but it doesn't come through.
I've been going through this for years now.
Yeah change so that when you're calling me that it might pop up at least United or something like that.
Of course that could be false too but when I'm being asked for my birth date and last 4 of my Social and stuff like that I'm very wary.
I have to look up at it put it in there put the first 6 digits or 5 digits in there then look up get the other 4 and then put those down.
By the time I look up look down your systems gets impatient and starts having problems.
So just adding an extra couple of seconds to the whatever you call it the I think what it is the system is saying that they're seems inactive.
The only thing I'm running into trouble with is this survey no (unclear) to verify that I don't know that my wife is my wife I guess.
So I'm not sure what the problem was with the (unclear) person.
It was probably we were just not hearing each other good enough.
There was noise in the background and you told me it's cuz of the call center.
I don't know of anything (unclear) the person that helped me was excellent.
Actually nothing (unclear) completely taken care of me got my questions answered.
Hang onto that gentleman cuz he is very good.
So that's something for you guys to work on OK.
So you've got more than 1 question out of me.
Need to improve that automated service because it just repeats itself and sends you back and forth back and forth and it gets to be frustrating.
And they see the satisfaction that you've done.
Not putting me on hold so long.
So I'm just saying it's not settled yet.
To have another person just like the one I had.
That's what customer service is about and he has it.
even if it's not very much it might be a greater help.
My comment is that they have helped out so much.
Every time I call every one treats me so well.
The only problems was that the computers were slow working which no one has control of.
This is the 3rd time that I've been called about the same deal that was resolved oh 3 or 4 months ago.
And this is really getting old the paperwork is not catching up with the resolution and I have to admit this is the worst experience I've had with UHC.
They keep saying the paperwork has not caught up to the resolution I don't accept that anymore.
As I said this is 4th on the same issue and I'm tired of it I'm really tired of it and I'm quite irritated at this point.
And they keep saying I'm sorry the paperwork is not catching up with the resolution that's inefficient and I'm really tired of that thank you.
Y'all done real good so I give you an A plus okay bye bye.
I don't know that you could've done anything better the reason I'm not satisfied is because that.
or my statement I'm sorry is like 23 pages and everything was denied.
Which is not your fault at all just to figure out what is going on.
It's a little overwhelming when you get 23 pages of statements and they're all denied and you don't really understand why.
He came up with many other things in addition for my reason for calling.
Well I think I just didn't understand why I got the letter in the first place because the information on it has been wrong all year and all last year also.
Took awhile the guy tried very well.
The representatives could speak just a little bit clearer for us old folks.
something isn't jiving here with regards to what was done and what we're being billed for.
So she's going above and beyond in my opinion because she is going to contact them directly for me.
When you've got a Foreigner of somebody that is not of our language we cannot understand most of the conversation.
quite a bit of time went by.
Hi I'm sorry this has been a (unclear) from taking the survey my last entry should've been a 10.
It was excellent I don't they don't need no improvement.
Well the only thing that could've been done better is to have a more up to date directory.
But otherwise everything else with United Healthcare is fantastic.
The only one thing that I would like is if all of this could be done online.
So she's going to call me back.
The one thing is she made it a.
If they could simplize what they're saying a little more it would probably work out better.
You solved my problem and that's all I needed.
You've certainly given me a lot of help.
I would like to see the explanation of benefits a little more explaining because it took 20 minutes here trying to get to the bottom of the EOB that wasn't marked.
It just said medical and hospital claims processed in April or 2018 but it doesn't say who so that would be better okay.
Answered my questions explain what it's about.
There's no explanation as to why it happened thank you.
Yeah this (unclear) Danielson and your representative I asked them where they were from they said Texas it was just fantastic.
They told me what it was Samuelson something like that it's kind of a long name but who ever it is I'm sure that you'd know on that other end.
Went way above the call of duty I'll use that the call of duty to help me with my issues and help me to understand.
I'm sure I'll come up with something later but (unclear) my question.
It's just that I'm sad that my doctor is not part of the (unclear).
Hopefully I'm submitting in writing and maybe that will take care of it.
Had to wait a long time but that's about it.
It wasn't the girl's fault that was talking to me.
Well the reason I called was because they said that my money was.
So see if it works this time or not.
So I don't know what the problem was.
And that's why I'm not really happy with this conversation.
And then we got that issue taken care of so that's the only thing that makes.
So I have no idea what all this means.
The only thing is that if it could've been a little bit louder.
But it will help solve the mystery of this billing that we keep getting from back then.
And a note said that I hung up on them which that is not what happened at all.
I appreciate Desmion's time and his diligence on trying to solve my uncle's problem.
I'm just disappointed that the dental does not (unclear) like y'all think it should.
) I've given a few suggestions how things could be improved (unclear) customer service.
I continue to find this over the past year in these different books.
The only that you could've done better is not to have I guess the money situation.
You satisfied what I was looking for in a good way.
I've been on the phone with her since I think 12:30 yea or so.
She's really trying to help resolve my situation.
But I know no one person knows it all so.
I don't have any suggestions for better 'cause everyone I have talked with today was wonderful.
And Ms Barbara just (unclear) y'all 8 more customers as I'm speaking and I just know 8 people and she just gained y'all 8 more customers.
Sounds like my bill is correct and your representative answered that question for me.
I don't think there was too much that you could've done more because Richard went out of his way.
The only thing that maybe could've done better is to just confirm that the automatic payment was all set up because I'm not sure if it is continued from before.
But I don't know if that was theirs or mine so but that's the only thing.
Several times you had to say I'm waiting for it to update or upload I forget which word.
I'm just about to give up on trying to get on there to find out what's going on but for some reason the computer just don't work for me.
With your system my system or I'm not doing it right and I've called in.
I guess a little bit of a longer wait than I think it should be but I guess that person does have to look into things so it was a little bit of a long wait but not awful.
Hello? Alright that's the end of it I guess.
Sesely I believe is her name or.
I get wrong answers all the time.
The other point I would make is I'm calling on behalf of my wife.
That's got nothing to do with changing her medication.
Seems to me that's something I could've done.
I've got lots of other options out there and I believe I'm gonna go take them.
Well my experience yeah y'all (unclear) time with me.
I'm just (unclear) right now (unclear) all about that I called (unclear) insurance paid but I don't I've never (unclear) before.
There's not one other thing I would add for her to help me.
Why does iron have to be so outrageous.
Very accurate and you know straight forward with it.
That's why I kind of chose you guys this time.
I'm sorry that that had happened but that happened.
And I don't know what's going on with UHC.
Your agent's the first person in twenty years who pronounced my name correctly.
She made me understand and I'm just hoping that my (unclear) and my (unclear) becomes generic soon.
I have to order the (unclear) again and the (unclear) and I'm going to have to go to the next tier which doesn't make me happy.
I'm not gonna get it.
I think that I just am surprised that the co pay for a certain thing that I was asking about was higher.
And it says to press four and then you're supposed to know the person's name.
I don't think there's anything at all you could've done better (unclear) the phone was answered immediately which very much surprised me.
This is my third try to get something out of UHC and it's very very frustrating.
(Unclear) they answered the question well.
As far as I'm concerned I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
It took a long time (unclear) that can be speeded up and just wanted to (unclear) I'm very pleased.
There was one thing that delayed my prescription but you guys solved the problem and I truly truly appreciate it.
I'm 71 and this is just not acceptable but I've stuck with you guys I guess through October and then I will be making a change.
Just wait less wait time than on hold and that's about it.
I can't think of anything that would've that could've improved the experience I had talking to your representative.
Now it seems to me that if UHC knew that they had.
I'm 86 years old and so I want this to go down as a star in her crown.
The call was very courteous straight forward and I have no opinions or any increases or anything that you need to do to make it better.
Probably the one thing you could've done better is not have so long of a list of numbers to put in options at the start of the thing.
Alrighty have a good evening now bye bye.
Last year I (unclear) up in the donut hole and I'm probably going to be in the donut hole any time now so that's my biggest complaint.
On the survey have it 1 to 9 instead of 1 to 10 because it's I'm concerned that I'm gonna miss the 0 or something.
On a scale from 1 to 10 she did a great job and if you can see about giving her a bonus (unclear) give her employee of the month.
I'm still on the line and the lady is referring me over to someone else and hopefully they can help me.
it wasn't her fault it was my own fault.
Did I tell you goodbye? OK.
Because I'm sure that I'm not speaking to people that do know what they're talking about and I'm totally confused.
Actually this has been my best (unclear) call today with UHC.
The only thing you could've done better would have been my previous calls to have someone as helpful as Mike was on this call.
So that's the only issue I have.
Well a gentleman named Cameron waited on me.
It would be nice to know that this.
This is caused me a bit of delay of a couple weeks here.
'Cause I kept on waiting to (unclear) gym put in your.
getting something but nothing ever came.
beyond everything because she solved the problem I had.
The only thing you could do better for me is the gentlemen his name was Ivan he helped me.
And they keep telling me try again closer to the 1st of June.
So that's my issue but the person was difficult wasn't at all interested in the customer.
So it's not a crisis but it would've been nice if somebody was handy to explain it.
It was difficult to really get to talk to anybody and then when I did they said well call back in 2 months and blah blah this and that.
When they're talking quickly and (unclear) oh hmm ha (unclear) you know it's seems so insincere.
So it's very frustrating to deal with a recording and can't get them to let you talk to somebody within not even just able to take down plain simple numbers between 1 and 10.
So that's one thing that is bad.
Well my call was about how.
The only thing that could be done better is when you call in the voice recognition always gets it wrong and it's frustrating.
Y'all are doing good.
So like I love you all.
girl could've done better for me.
Oh when the person (unclear) after the (unclear) had nothing to press.
I'm a senior and I would appreciate more clarity versus abbreviation of language because you're dealing with a lot of numbers.
So hope my little sister gets enough rest.
And also this is this is your big brother from West Virginia saying take care little sister.
Yeah y'all took away the restaurant on the reward for getting a physical and what have you.
So it could resolve directly if the pharmacist (unclear) see what's going on.
53 so I wasn't real happy about that.
And everyone tells me they're going to call back or somebody's going to do something and nothing ever happens.
And it's something that unfortunately does need.
So (unclear) other woman in her category that need this as well.
Actually talking to Scott he is a complete asset to your institution.
He told em even when he was gonna put me on hold approximately how long.
Well the animated thing I don't like it.
Okay this is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and also your best friend from West Virginia.
So that means this to my last (unclear) her name is let me see I recon her name is Day so my little sister Day you take care of yourself.
The one thing that could've been a lot easier especially being in a foreign country is if you guys were to have an email.
Okay but then I guess that's all.
The one for the plan and it involves a little more security I think to where the person whose talking does not receive that.
You have gotten me now and I'm exercising and I'm taking care of myself.
It it isn't resolved yet but I appreciate the effort.
But apparently there may be something wrong with their phone lines or something.
So I'm just gonna call back in the morning.
That drives everybody crazy because there never seems to be an option for the reason we're calling.
Not gonna take anymore time anyway.
But she said they're sending it and that they're going to be going to you know booklets.
No you couldn't have done anything better for me than what was done to me.
Yes I was on hold for 35 minutes and that's a bit too long.
But the supervisor is trying to settle this so that's it.
I'm a little hard of hearing so speaking a little louder or more clearly is helpful.
It turns out that the problem that has frustrated me for five and a half days was really not your fault.
It's just the plan I have is too expensive for us.
The reason I was confused is that the paperwork we got said one thing which wasn't really correct.
Oh there is not a thing that I'm concerned about.
Probably when I started this to explain your tier 1 and 2 and the preferred cost (unclear) that's confusing.
It's hard to deal with people who have English as their second language connection wasn't good person had an accent.
And fitting in in all the rest the problem is my hearing's not as good as it used to be and I'm not as young as I used to me.
Yes I am upset about the introduction on your voice recording that it came in on Spanish.
But I'm gonna be in the donut hole and this is gonna get hard for me.
I'm happy I can't think of anything that would be better sorry I'm no imaginative.
So if that can just count the months they'd make my life a little easier.
My name several times and blah you know.
The wait times weren't Ashley's fault so that one did it very well.
The only thing that could be better is if we didn't have to wait so long.
I'm satisfied but I can't give you anything that.
No the only missing thing was I got the.
There was a lot of background noise with other people talking.
And did so much for me.
And that doe not make me happy.
Thanks that's the only thing I know different.
So they're on top of everything seem to be.
There are 4 tiers in my drug program and I know that but this has nothing to do.
my question had nothing to do with drugs.
Explained things to me in laymans terms to me.
this other little form that you was telling me.
And when they call you up saying (unclear) that's not possible Miami has to call you.
Gave me the answers so not a thing.
Well I wish the first agent would've gotten it correct but the person that I took.
But other than that everybody treat me nice like before.
And everything went Aye I give up to the yays.
And you got the best girl that works for you people.
really nothing other than what the person did.
Robocalls I don't like talking to a machine.
You've already done as much as you can every time I needed help so you're 100% in my book.
It's just some of the statements are a little bit unclear which is the reason for my call and other than that I have no complaints whatsoever.
It seems that the ones I try to call at times they were not there never at that office or never at that location.
My representative did went beyond and took care of it and it's already handled.
I spent over a half an hour trying to get into this dumb thing.
You've got too many layers too many things to have to check back on.
It makes it very complicated for him and I know it but he's hanging in there.
(Unclear) did an excellent job with me.
Actually you couldn't say any better than what it was.
got frustrated with the way it was.
your not supposed to put in the dash zero zero.
He has a passion for what he's doing and he's definitely in the right lane.
Just in case something would happen that it wasn't covered.
I you're working on a problem for me.
And if it all works out I can't imagine what you could do better.
I hear some pretty significant static on the line sometimes.
But that has nothing to do with the person that took care of me today.
Didn't have any problem with what so ever.
Perhaps if the time was left on the phone which is perhaps a minute and a half I'm not sure.
I think you're (unclear) is pretty good.
It seemed to me like took all the numbers but scrambled them and put 'em in a different order.
Every time I get (unclear) everything's good.
I'm not sure that Brenda could have done any more to help me out of my predicament.
I'm not sure one of them she couldn't reach the doctor's office to clear up but she's going to follow up on it so I don't know how it could have been that wasn't her fault so I think Everything was handled as it should have been.
The only thing that you could've done better for me was your automated telephone system.
this lady she doesn't live here maybe 100 miles away.
just you know here's the lunch from a fool.
That's what he did to me 2 times.
Which I'm sure I'm gonna get the same answer that I got before.
The only thing is that the people where I was trying to find out information acted badly towards me.
In other words it was very significant information because if they knew that they didn't take it why did they tell me yes.
Would of been nice to know that.
even contacted the doctor that I'm gonna go see.
I suppose most people forget about it and maybe that's what y'all are counting on? I'm not sure but so now I have reapplied sat on the phone 15 minutes 20 minutes trying to resolve this.
It's just gonna cost me $70.
you know I'm not happy with United.
So just kind of screwing with me.
So I'm thinking it might be the trainees could use a little bit more training on that particular drug.
So now we're a little confused about that.
She was right on top of everything.
I just have problems filling things out (unclear) my minds going.
So I'm gonna hang up now.
For today's call I can't think of anything that would have made it more productive or more user friendly.
I'm going to have to think about this but I really don't have any recommendations this call went great.
Everything's always been handled fine every time I've called so I really don't know what would be best to change or to make better.
But otherwise it's a ten so yeah it was great service.
It gets very confusing when you've got you go from one person to another and you got just a few seconds to figure out who you need to talk to.
Thank you (unclear) and get the card out to me.
I'm still waiting a week later and it was.
Well I got put on hold for a little bit but it was no big deal so I guess it was pretty good service.
There's nothing that you could've done better for me all my questions were answered and I'm satisfied at this point.
And the ones from Barko County that set me up Barko County Georgia Barko County (unclear) Georgia are wonderful people.
I'm getting paid to do a survey on Fernando who was outstanding along with Andrew which.
it was regards to our policy and our coverage and we just found out.
Today was good and your music in the background needs to be fixed 'cause it hasn't been fixed for a year that I've been calling.
So thanks a lot guys.
I don't think there's anything to (unclear) for you to change.
So I think he did a tripe A plus job.
Answered my questions educated me on a couple of things that I didn't know.
(Unclear) taking to her and she was just a pleaser taking to.
these medications have been with him for quite a while.
So this completely was out of line and a big disappointment on how the drug business is running their operation and the insurance company are taking advantage of the elder.
So that's my you know my grievance on them.
yeah twice before I got this young lady.
And I'm just not going to deal with that.
So I'm not real happy about it at all.
really it was my first injury with UHC that I can remember because I've been with you guys from the very very beginning before it was United.
I mean you know it's all in the records (unclear) taken and I would've been shifted all over.
At this point nothing thank you for your help.
And if anybody could help with me that I'd like to talk with somebody (unclear) about them keeping the rates the same or lowering them for next year.
This is an (unclear) beginning it's the first time I tried to call you people.
I couldn't fine my latest statement from you I'm now in the donut or past the donut hole.
And that goes back to 2016 15 16 apparently it wasn't so when she pull up my record there.
Actually I'm quite (unclear) cuz I'm a little skeptical on the lines (unclear) products like this.
Yes the only comment that I had was that I'm on the (unclear) medication.
And that's all I need I mean I'll feel better once I get the letter thank you.
If anything (unclear) anything (unclear) I just wanted to mention it thank you have a good day.
But other than that it's not a problem thank you.
And it should of been taken care of and it wasn't so.
we still haven't figured out how this claim number.
So if it would make it easier for (unclear) to be able to locate a place to get a chest X ray a little bit more expeditiously that would help both her and me.
But when it's all said and done we got the result.
another one they were sending me to remind me I guess.
But I wasn't explained that from the get go and it was just a lot miscommunication and not full disclosure about what was happening and stuff.
It's hard to believe what I heard but it's for the good and I don't see.
The only thing is it took a long time and I don't know whether that can be helped of not but that might be something to think about.
I am still skeptical as to whether this situation has been resolved I suppose we'll know later in June whether it has or not.
She took care of everything completely for me.
I'm on I'm obviously I'm on Medicare and you know I'm on a limited income.
Utterly discouraged that there's nothing I can do about it (unclear) I don't know what to do.
So it's done a little bit quicker.
It was my last one and I've been trying to get a new form if I live to this December I'd like to have a couple of copies because sometimes you spill something on the top one and it's been right because.
But this reoccurring one it doesn't come easy but hopefully Miss Cordelle is sending me the right one.
I'm satisfied for everything that you guys did.
I'm not trying to be mean here but when your on the phone like this she should be able to talk clear.
The only thing that could've done better is the claim time it takes to get the paper work to you.
I think that's what her name was.
And got everything straightened out in a good amount of time.
I couldn't hear too good sometimes but it wasn't the lady's fault it was mine.
I'm so confused at how this issue happened that I don't know.
Not a major issue but that was the only reason I had to ask a couple of different questions with your agent who was great by the way.
The only thing that we know is that there's a lot of phone numbers but it's easy.
You could accept American Express which would've made paying a lot easier.
Well one thing is I've seemed to always have a mix up in what I owe.
When you can have a recording that takes the information once and that's it.
He Googled stuff looked it up.
Even though I did not like the answer it was I'm sure what your policy says.
She's the only one that's helped me.
Hopefully in a week when I talk to her again everything will be the way it was today.
And got answers for me right away.
Not force us to listen to the same recordings over and over again.
It was mailed on the 20th and I don't know why it's not here yet.
But you know what? Walter he's aces.
I'm sorry to have to say that but most of (unclear) and were all too fast and not distinctly.
That's what it's like so I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to have to say that but maybe it will help.
It's just been too many not with this conversation but with prior ones it has been a little confusing and that's it.
But I don't like getting these letters because they're outdated and not true and whatever else.
I don't know of anything that would have been any better than conversation I had with the person with your company just now.
I just was trying to find out if there is a difference in eligibility too early too soon or well in that respect.
I just am not sure what the end result is going to be and apparently there is no way to find that out.
So I guess I'm not the only one that has senior moments.
I'm just getting old and tired.
And it's been weeks and now I understand it's going to be even longer.
To make it better for me.
However what I wanted to point out was the 1st representative I talked to was giving me contrary information to what's actually the case.
So of course it would have been much more convenient for me if I could just talk to one person about all that stuff.
So otherwise each one of them separately did a great job.
The only thing better would be for you to notify me that I've been doing that because I'm old and tell me what my credit was.
Plus it's like 15 miles away from the big city that I moved to so it doesn't make any sense.
And it's just a joy to talk to anyone at UHC.
So it looks like I'm gonna have look around for something that (unclear) that I have.
But anyway it just seems to me it's a little bit on the high side as far as what I have to co pay.
We've been a member since 2010 and this is just unbelievable that I've spent almost an hour on the phone trying to get this resolved.
Well this doesn't have anything to do with my representative but the wait time was a little bit longer than I had hoped for.
This problem here was not resolved today but it's not because of the representative that I spoke to.
And he's gonna return my call.
I haven't had but 3 teeth in my (unclear).
She needs to follow up with me on her next work day which sounds like it's this coming Wednesday.
It has to do with some complicated billing that I have.
So I ended up you know spending (unclear) quite a bit of time on the phone but you know it's not the end of the world.
It's not one thing it's just that the representative tried to get me to the right department but they're closed.
But at the present time as he already knows this I don't know that I'm even going to continue with this insurance company.
So I'm happy with them and (unclear) can do what I can say but everything is fine.
Yeah there were no issues so yeah.
(Unclear) my billing continues to get messed up.
So I'm not really sure what's going on there.
That has nothing to do with my call it's just some input.
I was concerned about a possible false claim and that has not happened yet so I'm assuming that the issue I had will not be of any consequence.
I'm not really sure if I'm doing this survey on the first person I talked to or the second person I talked to.
And then I thought oh dear I don't know if this survey's on the first guy Nathan or the second person which was some person I couldn't understand and the dog was barking.
So that's why you get a zero.
I think you (unclear) contents on all of the four books for this year is very far beneath.
It's just very hard to find with you all.
The one thing that I think could've you guys could've done better for me is they given me a completely different price.
But they're saying I'm not supposed to be paying 94.
Sometimes it's best to get to the service representative when you have an oddball question like I had but otherwise it works very well.
So really it's not a complaint it's just a observation.
Well she did it for me and that's the main thing.
Probably be a little bit less of a wait time but everything else is fine.
It's just kind of funny though.
They said it was gonna be a one question survey and it ended up being three or so but that's alright.
The only thing I guess I wish that it would be easier when they answer it wouldn't.
But I guess that's not necessarily anybody's fault.
And it was really upsetting to me that they were gonna charge me all this money.
Everything you the person who took care of my call did what completely good.
Get back to me when they were supposed to.
And I am (unclear) with the service given to me by Ms (unclear).
This was the best customer rep that I have ever spoken with no matter what.
So the issue and she didn't know why either and I'm not blaming her but I just didn't get any solid results from the conversation.
You know I'm old so it's hard for me to comprehend certain things but everything's going smooth.
She talking about (unclear) they still get it wrong.
That's what were talking about.
So that's just my particular issue and thanks for listening.
The computer was a little slow it wasn't Dan's fault he did a great job.
Let me know without my inquiring what the status of this claim was.
Just a customer service rep Tia could've done better.
That doesn't make sense to me.
She could've taken care of this claim that we have.
I'm 85 years old your process is too confusing for old people like me.
And the plan that I have does not work for me.
And would I accept a free cruise and there was no way to say you didn't want to have the cruise when you were told you want it and because I am not able to sail and so (unclear) the whole message went back to the beginning and went through the whole thing all over again.
Don't go through all of the red tape before I can get a representative and asking asking what I'm want to know that might make it easier thank you.
If I'm completely satisfied I don't think there's anything else you could've done thank you.
I'm not sure there's anything you could've done better for me you gave me the information I needed to do what I need to do.
Just general confusion you could eliminate a lot of wasted time but that would take a much longer discussion.
Connie are you still there.
I (unclear) something is wrong (unclear).
The only thing that you can do is try to get Dr George Ransford in (unclear) under your network he used to be under it but he went in with Greenwood now Greenwood South Carolina and he is no longer in network and that's the only thing that I would like to see done thank you.
You could have done nothing better everything exceeded my expectations thank you.
'Cause the representatives did go to great lengths to find out and did get the question answered but it might've been easier if a specific condition of the lower extremities that are covered for podiatry are spelled out more clearly.
So that's the only part I have here.
Your computers could've been working a little bit faster.
I think this should've been resolved in a more simple manner.
Way too long to get a simple answer it is ridiculous and frustrating.
20 minutes to get one simple answer is just too long.
So they must be coming in different days or whatever but that's what it is okay and thank you.
You're telling me a lot of things that is a lot of time consumption about.
So you know I'm disappointed in that.
Made me feel like a person again.
That's why you got this program.
So I just feel like that we could have better connection you know? It's just being tossed around I didn't like that part of it.
(Unclear) very good (unclear) I like that.
Really right now at this moment I have no complaints.
The computer that answered doesn't recognize what you say and repeats itself too many times.
Nothing I'm just waiting to make sure that I don't get another letter concerning your LEP otherwise it would've been a 10.
No there were 2 visits that earned rewards last year that that was one thing I was calling about that obviously are not available this year and that if those were available that would make it better for me but they're not at least at this point so other than that everything was good thank you.
I'm gonna check into this thing I was just trying to get.
Oh everything went fine and I'm satisfied with everything.
So that you know that's a little annoying sometimes.
the only thing I'm complaining about is I'm in a gap and I need some help.
the only thing I'm waiting for now is my.
That would be a lot better than me having to pay it but other than that I'm satisfied.
Well I just feel like the automated part just goes on and on.
Nothing needed to be done I mean it took care of the problem.
It's just that he couldn't get a hold of the doctors office.
So today we got a hold of the doctors office and it was straightened out as far as it can be until they get their part done.
Except making something magically happen right now.
Just done this before I called about 3 times on this.
Well mine is for those with the red white and blue and I don't mind paying something.
We went through bing bang boom and I'm done.
It isn't what they could have done better for me it's just that it isn't working out the way I hoped but it still might because it did help me there.
And you're trying to work with it and I'm trying to work with it.
I'm not sure Kenneth was pretty awesome I'm pretty accurate though my doctor's name came up on the automatic system but not her first name and he couldn't see it in the system on his side I don't understand why the 2 systems aren't connected or correlated but everything else is awesome thank you.
Ten being very satisfied it would be a ten plus for her today.
I'm pretty sure they will but it would've been nice for her to know that ahead of time.
The only thing is just that I was looking for (unclear) doctors and there's just not that many out in my area and that's nobody's fault.
There's really nothing better you can do besides the information that she has given me today.
I think it's the first time that you know that.
So I'm just going to have to wait and see how it's working out.
Nope the call was handled to my satisfaction.
I don't think there's anything additional you could've done because it was taken care of and my question has been answered to my satisfaction.
So I have to call and wait for the statement to be delivered so but that's just something that we've been living with so I just thought I'd mention it if you wish to call me about it you can Carl Jacobs 8473613650.
On the first go around to this so I'm very skeptical and I'm going to be (unclear) and so now I called-.
We'll see what happens now when I talk to my doctor.
In fact she's probably a management candidate if you ever looking for somebody to promote.
Yes or no then if it wasn't go to the next one.
Everything went fine I don't think you should change anything.
Would be nice if that were.
I didn't see it anywhere and I've been looking for stuff for months.
I'd like to have your (unclear) coming down.
There is not a thing in this world you could do better than pick a person to work for you who I was talking with.
A very long hold time and the I think the representatives are a little bit more (unclear).
She wasn't sure and I'm not sure but I'm going to submit the claim to you first and see what happens.
That's the only thing other than that it was great service.
Been quicker to the solution which was apparent very quickly bye.
I've always had my primary for the whole year and that was.
I don't know if it will or not but the gentleman said that he (unclear) the tier level from a level three tier to a two or a one to help me with the payments.
If it doesn't then (unclear) not terribly happy but at least he tried.
This is twice in a row representatives have hung up on me or this one Shamara I just got straight to the survey what is it with you people.
I have absolutely no idea everything went swimmingly I'm very happy with the service and I can't think of anything I would change.
I'm not sure what's going on the information that I get changes constantly.
(Unclear) appreciate everything she done.
But that's the way the plan is and apparently it indicates that I have been healthy so case closed.
The only thing is better for me would've been that the claims could've been satisfied.
But that's not your fault so I can't think of any other issue at all.
So just mark it up to my bad not hearing it right.
Everything is getting too confusing and I'm not sure exactly if there's anything you can do but it seems to be such a waste.
extremely great service and (unclear) this time I cannot think of one.
So like I say I'm a happy camper.
She's very patient as to check out different things for me and that's about it.
There is no question in my mind and I think in the mind of your other customers that this passport procedure is terribly burdensome.
Today everything was wonderful so you can't even change that.
I really can't think of anything you're guided real good and it was fast quick and (unclear) was made.
(unclear) running to solve my question or problem whatever I called with.
like oh this is just not a problem I mean it's easy and.
Well the only thing that could've been better was that you paid for all of it.
We now know that this goes back in your actions to April 13th and here we are still unresolved in this action so that's the reason for the very bad review.
But I guess that's the way it is.
If it was going to continue to be able to used or not that's it not a biggie now lady thank you bye.
Give him a pat on the back or something ice cream cone on me or whatever but he is great thank you bye.
Probably put somebody else on the phone because you insulted me.
Sometimes for elderly people or handicap hearing challenged people it would help if the representatives could speak a little louder and a little more slowly but other than that I'm completely satisfied.
I've never had this problem and I've done this for a couple.
You did everything just fine it's just that I'm confused as to answer.
That just doesn't quite make sense to me.
So (unclear) names of providers (unclear) the gentleman that I called earlier refused to (unclear) and the gentleman I just spoke with (unclear) than the (unclear) and also (unclear) as well.
When you pick up the phone not have so much static right there at the beginning.
The one thing you could've done better for me (unclear) operator named Dee and I assume it's Dee was for her not to have me on hold for so long and not to come back on the line and say I'm sorry this is taking a little longer than usual.
Another thing too is she initially didn't know anything about all this.
And the other thing and it's not your fault is that (unclear) in Western Spring Illinois has been my brother's optical place of choice.
I don't think I've spoke to a better representative in a long time.
The waiting period and lucky I'm retired now and my time is not as precious as it used to be.
it wasn't a problem but my issue right away and I can't say anything bad at all.
She's getting more information she's gonna follow with me on Monday.
That's the guy (unclear) because he was fantastic.
Sometimes the representative should speak a little slower because no one is perfect in English especially some of us immigrant.
excuse me I'm sorry.
I don't think there's anything it was just very complicated and we're going to hope for an answer on Monday the 4th of June.
Everything was beyond my expectations with talking to the person helping me.
I mean first question was rating was 4 not 1 thank you.
Romeo did a 10 but I've got arthritis and shaky fingers and the 0 for making 10 for 10 is right above the end and sometimes it jiggles and hits the end button.
So I just want to make sure that Romeo gets 10 and you might talk to somebody about for us old folks that it gets the trembling fingers because of arthritis and what have you that coming up with a better way to score would be better because I could tell you definitely did it Everything was a 10.
Too bad she is in Idaho and I'm in Texas she's a very nice lady.
In other instances it's left some you know the service has not been as good.
She's got my problem figured out.
The one thing you could've done better for me was to tell me that the drugs that I'm asking about was covered.
Well not change me out of my previous plan without confirming.
problems and there's no suggestions to make it better because she.
That's why I put five on all my marks because it's not resolved it's (unclear).
Not anyone's fault except for the rules I guess.
So I guess that's about it and my name.
Too bad you's aren't close to my neighborhood here.
So that's the only problem that I face.
it was fast and the 2 people actually that I talked to.
Somebody who knows what they're talking about and fills the script exactly what our account could be like or what the plan evolves.
I'm so glad I opened the line today.
I don't know what I did with it though (unclear) good.
Actually UHC has been very good for me for quite some time.
Everything was fine except it's more of a pleasure to talk to a live person.
The one thing you could've done better is change this stupid questionnaire from zero to ten.
You're doing it right just the way it is.
The only thing that maybe could've been a little quicker is I paid two policies.
And we have not had that in eleven years and I'm sure that we have notified you before that we do not have that.
He just told me that I it's pending my bill so it's not your fault.
Okay I guess that's it okay so bye.
Didn't bother me at all.
It's just that with the stage I'm in on your insurance policy really isn't that great.
It's to have a human being answer the phone and not that telemated woman that confuses everything.
Don't have an answer for that right now but I was very happy with the services.
They took care of it very well.
Because if something happens to me.
preferred and the lady (unclear) sent them out but maybe I didn't talk to the lady exactly that.
So she's sending me some information and I appreciate that.
In my initial call it goes so fast it's hard to type in the things that they need me to put in.
you know not correctly but pretty fast and quickly.
Seems like a lot of it just wasn't there perhaps.
I'm hopefully satisfied that the things that I did today are going to work out to my advantage and things with Optum RX will go as smooth from now on as they have in the past.
As far as I'm concerned you're good people.
So I'm not going to have anything to do with them.
It would be nice to know but at any rate it's just turned into a very aggravating situation.
It's just that that question asked how satisfied I was at the resolution of it all.
So she's working on that and I won't know the results of it so that's why I put number 9 on that one.
It's a issue but I guess something in the paperwork was incorrect.
Everything y'all doing has been real they don't number for and I appreciate it.
Yes this is (unclear) and thank you (unclear) helping me trying to get a scooter.
The personality the information I can't think of a thing.
Now I'm gonna hang up.
I guess the only thing I wish is I was in Florida with you all.
And she explain it me that if.
every single month I think that is ridiculous.
And it's a long time for me to wait without (unclear).
I didn't know it and planet fitness just sort a dropped me like a bomb because I didn't know anything about this going to happen.
Your operators spoke nicely clearly loudly enough for an old lady.
That's the only thing that frustrated me.
And I'm not sure how that's going to work out yet but hopefully it gets taken off I'll.
I missed these last two statements and that's why I've not got you the money.
He really spent time looking this up and finding all the different numbers for me so but I will have a better idea of what's happening here.
Your recorded online thing is a little bit difficult to get through just to let you know.
However after talking to Angelina for you know maybe 45 minutes or so I believe we're on the right track and appreciate it.
However I just wish sometime a little red tape was cut and paying bills or something.
I think we could've gotten the this right in the first place.
But right now at the present time this is the only plan I have so I'm have to suffer with it.
And they have never made me feel why are you late.
(Unclear) did a good job in explaining what was going on with my problem.
Draw me a picture I guess.
I'm just gonna make an appointment and go to these.
