I just want to be sure that they now have the new address in the system.
And I think you have all the bases covered.
I did not expect anything better.
I did not expect anything more.
I just wanted to say that.
I couldn't be happier.
Actually I can't recall just know.
I just wanna talk to somebody.
I have no tips on how to make it a better experience.
I hope someone calls me back.
So I can't say enough good about her.
To save time you could email me that form.
I recommend her highly.
Now I have got to wait 30 days.
Be able to tell me what.
I wish they would have known what Medicare.
Can I hang up now.
I don't know what happened.
And I'm glad that I have UHC.
I do not need to have something for you to do better.
So now I don't know what to do.
I should call back or he'll call me.
You have an English speaking person which I appreciate.
I know there are more but she didn't find those.
I would recommend your company to my friends.
I love the people I talk to.
And I can't see any way to improve on it.
I wouldn't rate it a ten.
I would rate it a one hundred.
This was man that you couldn't even understand.
So I hope they could get some better representatives.
Can I hang up now.
I give kudos to your representative.
I just have to wait until October the 15th to be able to switch over.
I would like an answer to my question.
I don't know how to fix that.
So I would recommend it.
I need to get a hold of y'all for one thing I need to talk to an agent.
I want to switch back to you all.
I am so impressed that when I call I get a human being that directs me I don't have to push 27 menus to get somewhere.
I want to talk to someone and I can't explain to the automatic thing what I'm calling about.
We don't want to be blasted with advertisements.
Why would anybody even be calling.
You could have simply addressed my question.
I do not feel there's one thihg.
So I think it would probably be better to have a representative call in person to do that.
So I would recommend her.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
I could understand him.
I haven't come up with one thing.
Could always let somebody speak to a representative.
So I have no.
You don't need to do anything else.
So I can call and chew somebody else out.
And you know I just don't like those machines.
So I would definitely love talking to her again if I have anything to go wrong.
I have no reason to think it shouldn't but the proof will be in the pudding.
I need to speak to a representative please.
I hope she gets a reward for this.
That you should do better.
I couldn't ask for better help.
So I will appreciate it in the future to let the client know.
I think your website is very difficult to maneuver.
I could not understand her.
I'd advise anybody to call her.
So I have nothing to add to that.
Well I just didn't get an answer.
I guess that's about it.
I didn't even know I had one.
Can I hang up.
I have to call somebody else.
I can't stay on the line.
I don't know (unclear) be made.
I'm sorry I didn't get his name.
And you're right I do need a mammogram.
I think you have done a good job.
So that's something that you really need to work on.
I help my mom.
I do take it 3 times a day.
So you know give her all.
I would appreciate a call back as soon as possible.
I must tell you you have a great employee there.
I mean to put in a 10 as satisfied or likely to refer.
I didn't quite understand but then I understood.
And I said then who cares go ahead and change it.
I always have good person at UHC.
And I do get very good service.
I doubt she can be better than that.
I don't think I can ask for anything more.
And I wish everybody had that kind of energy.
I guess I put 'em all in another container.
But I didn't sleep all night.
And then I would just take one.
I wouldn't have to take two which would be better for me and probably not for the pharmacy.
So I says tell you what.
I seriously cannot think of another thing.
He might have lived.
But sometimes I get different opinions.
I want to send his praises.
Hello? How do I hang up?.
Somebody needs to do their job.
Yes you need to be.
makes me feel good.
That's what I'd like to see change.
I don't know what you call it.
So I don't believe I could answer more than that.
I give her everything really.
I would appreciate it if the people that I talk to do not talk over me when I answer them and if they would allow me to finish with my answer before they start talking again.
Oh I don't know how you could do better.
I think that would be an easy way to do it.
Not have to update my stuff to get in.
I have to say nothing.
I don't know how many maybe 5.
I may be getting old as the hills but I still like to go.
And we didn't want that.
I know that you automatically give a discount.
I'm glad I could.
I can get in touch with (unclear).
But I would love to.
that I would recommend to do better.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I think that is something you should check and get better.
I wouldn't improve Jenna.
And I just don't see how it could be.
And so I guess I just needed to ask for a representative.
But I don't know how y'all could improve that.
I don't know what to call it.
I wish that we could've over night the card.
I guess I got all my answers.
And I could not totally understand what the gentleman was saying.
I couldn't have asked for a nicer lady.
I give you guys a high ten.
Hello? I didn't get that last one.
I don't know if I hang up or they got more to say.
If I can get one that.
I will try them tomorrow.
And I hope you have more people and staff like her.
You could try to get better places.
You should have everybody like that.
Well I could get connected with someone.
I cannot stand UHC.
That should you guys should go back to that.
So I don't know what else you could've done.
Let me go know.
You should be proud of her.
And they couldn't find me.
And so I don't have a problem.
And I recommend you to everybody.
And I have to call customer support and change everything.
And then I can finally get in.
And I didn't have to wait today.
I don't seem to get my bills when I should.
So I just give her a perfect ten and thank you.
I still gotta pay it.
If they would talk slower on I have a had time hearing everything I mean they say.
I would understand better.
It would make it easier to select where you need to order.
So I just I don't know if it's my phone.
I don't know if it's my voice.
I like to have my bill.
So I didn't really get the help I needed to at this number.
I really won't know until I go there and find out.
I would give her thumbs up 100%.
And I just want to give a shout out to Taylor.
So I think by speeding up getting to an agent would really help everybody so it wouldn't be frustrating.
And so far when I call in I get help and today I got that and so I don't have any.
I would have liked a different answer.
Because you really have taken up your time.
So I couldn't ask for any anything else.
So that's all I can tell you.
So I just wish I had this health care sooner.
And I do have a lot to say.
the insight I should be given and I think I am (unclear) to that.
I think that you should make it easier to find.
So I can go.
I actually used a curse word which I do not ever do in public.
You can look back at any calls and you can see I praise you guys.
I'm hoping I can see it.
I don't know if I'm supposed to push a button now.
And maybe we need to talk again with each other.
Let me know in advance that way I wouldn't be calling at the last minute.
So I guess better connections would help.
I guess it's something I need to do.
So but they told me no I don't owe anything so.
That's why I hired you.
Couldn't be happier with her.
I would like to have an answer to my question.
I didn't get the answer to my questions.
I wouldn't change a thing.
You don't have to change anything.
But I did get the.
And I would be glad to let everybody know that UHC is the company to go with.
So I have no.
how should I say.
Would highly recommend her to anybody to help resolve issues.
I wish you can change doctor as soon as possible.
I will do that in the very near future.
So I need to talk to somebody about that.
I just wish that there was an easier way to make this work better.
I couldn't improve on it.
So you should give her a kudos to her.
You guys need to give her a raise.
I would have liked to have got a confirmation number.
But I thought that would be a 1 and so if you could please change those to 4s.
I highly recommend it to my friends.
And I would recommend that this form be made a lot simpler.
I can't really ask for more.
I wouldn't change a thing.
extra that I would expect.
But I will call them tomorrow.
If I would have known I wouldn't have called.
I hope you have a good evening.
You could give me to the right people.
I certainly wanted the people that I didn't get.
But so I wouldn't think you would think to change anything.
I have to wait for a letter but there's nothing anybody can do about that.
If I have to call you again I would like to talk to him.
So I didn't need anything else to be improved today.
Maybe you can improve on that.
I find it difficult to explain.
I couldn't have had a better person talking with me.
So I have to ask for things to be repeated.
I don't how they could improve on that.
I can't say I dislike UHC.
I couldn't ask for anything better.
Really I can't add anything to it.
I would just say to make the site as easy to use as possible.
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know what to say.
And I couldn't have asked for anybody better.
Don't give tens because we all can stand to improve.
I love her to death so give her a straight hundred percent.
I won't be able to see the doctor and I have a lot of things that are wrong.
And I have really high anxiety and I need help.
I need to talk to people who know what they're doing.
I couldn't recommend doing anything different.
I like it as is.
I didn't ask about it.
So if you would just try to get this thing expedited as quick as possible-.
I didn't find a thing to tell you about.
I like to talk to people like that.
And I try to recommend everyone that's looking for health care to UHC.
I sure wish you could speed and put things through faster.
I could barely hear her at times.
I need to speak to a person.
I can't ask for anymore.
Then we have to call here.
I mean you did good I should say.
Yeah I called about the home (unclear) and I would like to have known more about it.
I feel like I may be paying a little bit more than I should be with your plan.
And I may look for other plans but that's it.
I think her names (unclear).
So you might want to check on that.
So I would think it'd be nice if you could tell me that so that's it.
So I think you could use a little improvement on that.
And I have to have it today.
I guess I hang up.
I mean I can't say perfect but it's closer to it.
I haven't expected no better.
So I know what you.
I hope I get her next time I have to call.
I would talk to her anytime.
I don't appreciate being lied to and you will find that out.
So if anybody would ever want to call me back that would be great.
So you know I'm seeking to learn and understand.
I would give it a scale of one.
'Cause I wasn't gonna be around to handle it.
And I recommend everybody to get your insurance.
I think patients should come before anything else.
And so therefore I will try my best that the dentist would perhaps join the network.
But I can't promise it.
I think some of your agents need to make more copious notes in the persons file.
I think when customer.
I don't get it and there's nowhere to complain unless I go to Congress.
And I know you have nothing to do with that.
And I can't improve on anything.
Alright but I don't think I should have had to do that.
I can't say enough about him.
I would like to have my answers to my questions.
I cannot decide on what you can do better.
So I can't say anything negative at all.
Some of them don't know what they are doing.
When you ask whether you want one to ten if you wouldn't have to repeat that would be nice.
But I guess some people need to be reminded.
And you know I got the answer.
And I hope that you will retain her in your company (unclear).
I hope you can do better on both.
At this time I really can't answer that question.
I couldn't ask for better service.
And I think you should have more like her.
I lost my glasses and of course I have to replace them.
I can afford the glasses it's not a problem.
I would invite it.
And I don't know if this is the form.
I'll call back later because I got to go and maybe I can get more information.
I just couldn't ask for better service than that.
I feel like they should put you on the line.
Am I suppose to say something.
Well I just with there was an easier way to resolve.
And I should have pressed a 4 4.
And I don't understand that 'cause I checked that before I bought the policy.
And I wasn't quite sure how to do that.
So I didn't have to call back and bother you guys.
I hope the third time will work.
So I don't know what else to say except for.
And I didn't have to wait.
And I don't know how you could do any better.
I can't even pronounce her name.
When I call they tell me they do not accept the plan.
Can I hang up now? Bye.
I should've known because I did call her.
And you might give her a raise.
I couldn't have asked for me.
I couldn't ask for more and to improve I don't have no fire back on that.
They deserve it really.
I couldn't talk like them.
I can always count on you.
So I hope that in the future problems will be resolved better.
I need to get an exception for so I'm covered.
I wouldn't wanted to change any at all.
I guess I hang up.
I don't see where you can improve.
So that way we each have a card and you know he doesn't have to misplace it or be worried.
But I know I have some medication so maybe that counts as a 4.
For once I would like for it to be right.
I guess I'm gonna have to get a new plan.
When I think of something I will let you know.
So that I don't I don't want them to charge you or me.
So I wouldn't change a thing.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I don't need you don't need to improve.
I don't know what that would be.
For me I need it and I hope you continue to do that.
that you talk to.
I couldn't have been happier with the results.
I can't really answer that question.
So I don't know of any other way you could've helped.
I would give you a 10.
I don't think I could've had a better person to talk to.
I don't know what to say (unclear) it resolved.
So I want to make sure you know that.
So I don't know the final results until I get the billing.
I wish they'd do away with those.
They didn't use to ever have them.
So I guess that's all I have to say.
I mean I have no complaints whatsoever and I guess that's it.
I like how you answer the phone.
I don't have to talk to a robot.
Like I said be brave.
Didn't go do whatever.
Okay that's all I have to say.
And she will not (unclear) that's all.
I never have a problem when I call UHC.
I don't know why she.
You should have more people like her.
is what I would like.
I just wish that I you know didn't have to call back again.
I just don't see that I'm going to get the catalog.
So I couldn't have asked for a better person than Patty.
So far I have nothing to say.
And I would highly recommend her.
I needed a ride and I can't get one.
And that's all have to say.
I had to ask him to repeat.
So you might want to check that out.
I guess I have to call you back.
I shall call again.
Anyway I mean I got my answer finally.
Which I would understand.
I just have to wait for technical support.
So now I don't now what's happened.
I hope they call me back.
So I guess I would love to have her again.
I can't say enough in their praise.
I would give him a 100 and a gold star.
So we will talk again soon.
Not have to wait too long to actually get some (unclear).
How could I possibly know that I have verified it for sure.
I do know how mistakes work.
So I do know that can happen.
I could make a few suggestions.
So I can't say yes and it's resolved.
So I don't know why I.
So that's what I have to say.
We have to wait until it's resolved.
And I think it should be covered under those circumstances.
But I will fill out the forms when they come.
I think she should always be there.
you should never let her leave.
I could not have improved it.
I would recommend a raise.
The things that I didn't even know.
I'd like a number so I can get directed.
To try and help me.
So we'll let you know.
If we have teeth we have help but most people over the age have got dentures.
I think you did a good job.
I don't know why she didn't actually do that and add the rider on then.
And so I think your customer service policy procedure people need to address it.
She might be new I don't know.
So that you could just do something to make better.
I guess it's called.
And I assume that would hold true for the local also.
I really don't understand why one area.
So I will email that to you guys.
So I can't add anything to it.
So I guess it depends on the individual.
So I will find out then.
Because I couldn't walk.
I cannot think of anything to improve your customer service.
So I didn't mean to push zero at any time.
'Cause I couldn't find mine.
or I didn't understand all of the.
Right now the only way I can do that is to go online and look.
I find out that.
And I hope I get her again.
If I ever call again.
So I just wanted to say that.
I don't mind calling back again to talk to her.
So I don't' know what you can do about that.
I think the menu voice prompt system could be clearer.
But I think I can get it from family members.
I really believe she deserves a raise or a lunch would be great.
So do whatever you can do for her.
I can't even express how it was.
I want you to have a blessed life.
And I want you to have a happy New Year.
Well a lot of times I try to call they couldn't answer the phone.
I don't think you can get anything else.
I just am trying to do whatever it is you guys need to do.
So I won't be referring you to anybody I know.
I will stress that they need to look for someone else.
I don't know what to say.
I could understand her.
and she needs to be commended.
I wish somebody could give me an answer.
So I think they could simplify it a little bit more.
He didn't know why.
I didn't have to wait.
I also appreciate the fact that when I say I wanna speak to a representative I don't have to answer 10 other questions before I finally get to a representative.
So I didn't have to do that which is fantastic.
Like I want to know who's in network in Wisconsin.
I'm on Insulin and I would love to get these prices down.
I just can't afford them.
And I could tell that he did his research.
I just wish that one department wasn't closed today.
Anyway thought I'd let you know that.
Really when I tell you nothing.
And as always you all have my admiration.
I would recommend you to everybody that I know.
I wouldn't improve upon anything.
You know they send you where you need to go to speak to who you need to speak with.
talk with somebody that speaks the language I do so I could understand.
If I know of anything else I will call back and let you know.
I hope I didn't hit say something wrong hit a wrong button.
I actually could hear her smile through the phone.
So just thought I would let you know.
I just want to be sure (unclear) on my own five times a day (unclear).
She goes I (unclear).
I need to get out of here.
That's what I have to say.
I can't afford to wait on hold for such a long time.
So I wouldn't change a thing.
So on this call I don't know what else you could've done.
So I will see you guys later.
I didn't hear about it until maybe February.
I hope every associate would provide us similar services.
I'm not sure that I can tell anything to improve.
I didn't get to (unclear).
I could not understand him.
So I can't think of anything that you need to change or add.
I appreciate that but he didn't really have an answer for me.
I hope she can get I hope she can get I hope she can model some day.
They always take care of me.
I would really suggest that you look into that thank you.
I think she needs a raise.
And always hire people like the ones I just mentioned.
And I hope if I call again she is the one who answers.
I couldn't ask for anybody any better to help me.
I did not have to wait any time at all.
So I can't comment on anything.
So I still need the answer to that question.
So I have to call back in.
Oh I don't hear it (unclear).
I wouldn't change a thing.
He would have to be a physician.
you put my mind at ease.
And he didn't want to chuckle or laugh a little bit when you try to get him to do something.
You ought to be proud to have her on the line.
You (unclear) that I need today.
I wish you had more customer service like him.
it makes me be happy to be a member.
I do not like the idea of a double digit 1 and 0 even though I was I would've given the highest mark I will not go higher than a single digit.
Whether they do or not I don't know but I tell them (unclear).
I would I have no I'm I was not unsatisfied at all.
I forgot it and I can't get it back on.
I hope somebody can help me.
Didn't have to change shouldn't have to change a thing.
There's noting else that I need to be changed.
I can't say enough about her.
Not to have to pay anything.
I didn't hear what you said.
I hope I don't have to talk right away.
I don't mean with the middle man.
I wouldn't ask for any.
I couldn't make it better.
I would recommend you without qualification.
If anybody would like to call me and speak to me about it please feel free.
Maybe you have sent me something but I can't recall seeing any forms.
So I can't help you there.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
I don't see how you could have.
And so then I get confused about what I have and haven't paid.
But I did not.
I just wish we'd had different information.
I need glasses I guess.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
So it's what I have to say.
That I could see the doctor.
And that I now can just breathe easy.
I do enjoy talking with them.
I would have preferred having prices.
I don't hear very well.
So I have to ask people to repeat things.
They are willing to listen I feel like they're my friend.
So now I don't really know if the.
But I don't know how you would do it.
I wouldn't change anything.
But I don't understand how that's happened.
So you keep Chad and give him a raise.
Well maybe if I didn't have to take the survey and take more time because I don't have hardly any time right now.
I'll have to wait and see how things turn out.
This is (unclear) I did not get (unclear).
I don't know unless I wouldn't have to call you for this.
I don't see how you could do better.
But I don't understand how that could've happened.
But he didn't really get the answers.
I didn't really understand about my.
I shouldn't have to push so many buttons and listen to so many options before I can get to a person.
And I to me I didn't find out anything.
And I seek that always when I call is to make sure that people know that I want and can give me you know the answers that I need.
You could have settled my problem for me instead I have to write an appeal.
I'd be glad to talk to anyone who wishes to talk.
we will be able to get what we need when we call the places that we need to get the equipment from.
I don't have one thing that you can do better.
I fully understood everything and there is no way I could even ask to improve.
I didn't even wait that long to get through to somebody and I'm.
So I don't see any improvements that he could do.
You don't need to do anything.
And now I have a survey and not help.
And I do hope that you keep him on for a long time.
Because she didn't have the.
I don't know what went on.
And if you ever need questions give me a call (unclear).
She's very professional I should say.
I don't know where it is.
Well I could say this much.
And I don't know what else to say.
I must admit that.
I couldn't get it no better.
I can depend on y'all.
You should clone her for everybody.
Sometimes I just like to talk and if I can't figure out nothing with the paperwork than I call you.
And we can't do that anymore.
I couldn't ask for better customer service.
I hope I can still be connected to a rep.
I need to speak to a representative please.
I would highly recommend her.
I can see no improvements needed at this time.
I could not recommend anything better than what I received today.
The one thing that I would really like to see is the ability to speed up the operation.
You have blessed my life in more ways that I can tell you.
If we all work together.
I like that.
I can never get my EOB's to come up and it takes them months to come up.
I would like to go back to her.
I would like to know what types of illness he has primarily or she has primarily dealt with.
I would give him an A plus and a raise.
I couldn't have asked for a better person today.
I might have pushed the wrong buttons.
So kindly look into it so I don't have to bother you.
I would certainly refer you guys anytime.
Well I have (unclear) wish I didn't have to pay it.
I couldn't even hear you.
I wish that you would help to the (unclear) to offer a medical.
So somebody is I don't know.
you can go back and note.
I did have to make 2 calls.
And I did ask again so.
I couldn't understand the lady at first.
And I was informed that you do not have that.
If I can help in any way I would be more than happy to.
I just can't be with you on the phone.
I mean very you need to be prompt with that.
I have answers so I'm good to go.
I don't care for that.
If I could I wouldn't have put ten.
I just I can't say her name enough.
I never got to a person to actually rate him.
Now do I call over again.
You need to have someone answering the phone who can help people.
you have to practically scream their name to get their attention.
They just keep talking and talking.
But I think I understand it enough 'till I get the next forms.
You let me pay too much a month.
I meant to say 4.
You don't need to improve anything.
I complain a lot but I can tell you I have nothing to add to Brenda's service.
(Unclear) 'cause I have to wait and see that you all get it.
You should give that lady a raise.
I don't know what to tell you.
I have no comment because I got right (unclear) I didn't have to wait.
I would include Brian in this okay.
They have no information they could care less.
They didn't want to solve a problem and there's.
So I wouldn't change anything.
So that's gonna have to do it.
I can think of no improvements.
I don't understand that question.
So there might be another category you might use for that.
So you might want to revisit that.
I need a representative and I haven't gotten one yet.
I hope I get her again if I have to call.
And I need Vitamin B12 very bad.
Well I had to get.
I can't remember his name.
So you can forget about those things.
I can't stop praising her.
It would help me do this.
The one thing you could do better for me is to have all.
I think you hit the home run.
I should have put the zero in also.
I would certainly recommend you to everybody else.
You know I didn't have that help before.
I guess I'm going to have to hang up and call back.
Well I'm trying to see what happens so I can really be directed (unclear).
And I always like it that way.
I could be wrong.
You ought to give her a raise.
So I don't know what's going on.
I don't think you can improve on it.
what you could do is hire more people like Edie and that's what I would suggest.
Any time I call you know I always have a good experience.
I wish your price you could have paid for me.
And I just want to give Candace a kudos.
So I guess I'll have to go out to the office and talk to them.
So he should be commended.
So I couldn't have asked for better help today.
And I will recommend anybody to y'all.
What do I do.
I didn't listen to your directions quite so carefully.
I couldn't have asked for a better person.
I guess I should've put a ten.
And knowing that I don't owe no money.
Not have to pay anything.
I cannot hear or understand.
I can never get to a person which I can understand.
You must have a way to immediately get me to a person any deaf person.
And actually we often need more than a lot of people.
You could have returned my call.
All I can find is it says orthopedic surgeon.
And I would I really needed one that specialized in shoulders.
So you couldn't have improved on anything.
And I don't know if they have it resolved yet.
If you do that's fine.
So I would not recommend anything further.
so or I couldn't even leave a message with her.
I wouldn't change anything.
I wouldn't change anything.
So I don't know why you have that after everybody's phone.
Anyway you wanted to know.
I can't see that you could do.
So I just want to let you know that.
So I think you need to know that.
I mean I have a plan with y'all but most people that I call they say.
I seem to have to go to a.
So if they could resolve that.
So that you could do better.
I don't know what to.
it will be done better but I have.
I don't see how you could improve at all.
And I needed to get going.
They always treat me right.
I can't take that away from them.
I didn't have to wait very long.
So it should somehow if you (unclear) then I'd only have to give it once.
Too many words I know.
I didn't really understand the last question.
You don't seem to know the plan.
I don't know what to do am I supposed to press a button should I press pound.
I don't think you can do better on anything.
I don't think you need to change anything.
I didn't get the gals name.
But I am sure you can tell by my response.
And but I can't find anything where there needs improvement.
I will give her a hundred percent satisfied.
And I just don't want to have to go through all this in able.
I just need to get all the things I need to know.
I can start doing this.
But I can't say a thing.
It made me feel (unclear) if I have a problem I can always come back and get (unclear) result.
I gave ten's so I guess nothing.
I don't think you can improve it.
Just mine because I didn't understand that.
I didn't know I was going to have to wait until October.
And I can't pay what they want me to pay.
I mean I can speak highly of him.
You can be proud to have her on your staff.
I should still be on the phone.
Which I did not understand that.
And I don't know that I would have bought this policy.
It would be great if you could create an account and actually do that.
But unfortunately I won't be able to do that for another month and a half.
The only thing would I have liked if I could get complete.
And I said right now I didn't know of any.
She should get 100%.
So I would highly recommend both Sarah and AARP for to my friends.
You don't need to do anything else.
And I don't remember which question.
I don't know but I meant to press 3.
I can't add to this.
Then they just let me go.
I don't have no problem with what I needed.
I would say on the recording or when you first come on let somebody know sooner that they need a representative.
I don't know where I can go from here but something needs to be done.
You do not know how much.
I just hate them things.
They might want to.
(unclear) I would change (unclear).
I don't want to see any.
I just want to thank y'all.
And I know what to do next.
I don't see why you would change anything.
So I would feel like it would be completely taken care of.
But maybe you guys don't feel it's something you need to do.
I wish I could remember her name.
I would change nothing.
I would change nothing.
You know I can't afford it.
So you might want to look at that.
(Unclear) I don't know her last name.
So I really think that whoever they were they need to be re trained.
So I guess you could have resolved my problem.
I could not improve on this call at all.
I like to talk.
You were trying to sell me insurance.
I appreciate when I call it said that if I need a different language to press 2.
Now I don't feel good.
Next time I let you know.
But I didn't like the results.
I can't pronounce her name.
So I give you star.
I did not get it.
We could just call in and you know they would tell you what.
I didn't have to wait long on line or anything.
So I hope he continues to do well.
I would have liked to have had Dr Weber on your list (unclear).
And they still have to give you a representative.
Because they didn't tell me that.
And I don't want it to happen again.
I wanna give him a high rating Louis.
So I don't know his last name but I give him an A plus ten rating.
That's why that's why I chose to (unclear).
I give thumbs up to everything.
I can tell you that.
I can tell them they can put.
So maybe you should say a brief survey.
(Unclear) to the one I want to talk to.
I can't tell you to change anything because everything is super.
Have someone that could speak English a little better and clearer.
I'd like to discuss that with somebody.
I am going to hang up now.
I don't know if this is going to be reached.
I don't think you could have improved.
So I have no idea where to call there.
I can always recommend it.
I could not hear the representative very well.
I would recommend her.
But I would definitely recommend her for.
I used to do this for a living so anyway.
I received a lot of robo calls and I guess what you could do better is not to do that.
So I wonder why.
That I owe a bill that I do not owe.
You don't need to improve it.
I don't think you need to do anything more.
You didn't need to do anything extra.
I can not really find anything negative.
I couldn't have gotten better service at any place else.
Hopefully everybody will be like her.
And I'm a little skeptical if you ever will.
You didn't need to do anything.
I can't say enough about her.
I there should be more workers like her.
Well I don't know how to answer that.
I guess I can't answer it.
And I hope she gets a raise.
I just get very confused hearing all of this.
I guess I just haven't met my deductible.
I really don't know just thinking about it.
I know that I can call you all and talk to someone that's knowledgeable.
But they should mention that we can always check online ourselves for the doctor's names.
I have to try it again.
But the only thing I can think of is that they must enjoy their job.
I don't want to leave a message.
As far as I can tell I have to get in contact with a few other people here.
I think you need to provide a book that lists all the doctors like for Warren and Henderson county.
So I guess I'll be calling back.
I would not change anything thank you.
I wouldn't change it for the world.
People like that should be hired should be given promotions.
So you need to have an option that repeats the address and then you can say yes or no.
So I can't say you know.
If I had a business I would love to have someone like her working for me.
I don't see where you could make him change the way my claim was handled.
And I will call you back and tell other people about you.
And I wanna say God bless y'all.
So you just have to go with the flow and that's what I do.
Well I just think I have to keep replying to another number to get some extra help.
I can't think of anything you could do better except you could answer my questions before I ask them you know that way I wouldn't have to call.
So you did nothing except disconnect me.
I think you ought to update that and if you want to call me my name is Leroy Hents.
Now what do I do? I press anything?.
I'd like to call and if you want to speak to a representative you just press a number and the representative gets on.
Just wanted you to know.
I couldn't ask her to be no better.
And I did that.
Why did I get that bill.
But I still have the card.
And I just don't get anywhere.
But once again I can't say anything else.
I do wish that y'all had dental coverage as well.
Finally I decided I guess I'd better hang up or I'd be on hold forever.
I have things to do too.
So you might want to think about that.
I wonder why.
I don't know about anything better but I do want to report that I spoke with Megan.
So hopefully I can work that out.
And I don't know how that can happen.
I would rather talk to a person rather than a computer.
So we're just going to have to wait.
Would you please reach out to me.
So that's all I can say.
And could I hang up.
And I will let as many people know about UHC.
I need somebody to help me please.
I haven't talked to anybody so I don't know how to.
I don't particularly care for it and so I just.
That's why I didn't put a 10 and I only put a 9.
You can hear the smile on the.
That we did not have the medicines yet.
tracking him down I would greatly appreciate it.
'Cause I couldn't find it anywhere.
You should stay the way you are.
I just want to make sure I get this done.
I just do not have instances where I would be recommending health things.
like I said.
I don't know which it was.
I wouldn't change anything.
I wouldn't change anything.
I would have expected to take 30 seconds.
So that would be where I would expect improvement could be made.
But I'm curious that you have to go to the Philippines it would seem that there are enough Americans that would like a job that you might hire one of them.
I just wanted you to know.
I don't think you on today's call couldn't have been improved.
I'm I didn't hear it.
So I will be leaving you people as.
I want y'all Rochelle deserve a raise.
If anybody deserve a raise she do.
I couldn't have asked for anyone any better to help me.
You couldn't improve if you even tried because she is perfect.
You did everything so I don't need anymore help.
She didn't tell me to ignore it.
So I will do that.
I would like to have somebody of some caliber call me up bypass Chad.
I would say excellent.
I don't know that you told me what to do next so I don't know yet what that would be.
I have to take the next step.
That would be the only thing you know I think you need to change your key pad.
I don't see how you could better it.
And you all have a blessed day.
I can tell you that much.
I want that straightened out.
Very easy to understand and to operate and negotiate.
You know I don't even know what to say.
But I don't like that long donut hole.
I just have to process what I heard.
So I don't find anything that I can add.
Oh I think they did a pretty could job.
I don't know what they could improve on.
You could have at least complied with the Medicare payments but you didn't even do that.
I could not ask for a better representative.
I couldn't have asked for a better to have helped me.
I get different answers depending on which representative I speak to.
I think I know just enough about a computer to be dangerous.
Yea I didn't have to wait in line.
I give it a 10.
But my doctor's office would have to do it.
But I think y'all ought to pay it anyway.
I ave nine because nobody's perfect.
I wouldn't do anything or add anything.
I can't understand the speaking.
I wish things can happen more faster.
I tried to understand everything so-.
I think you for your help.
I wish that we could.
I get everything I ask for and I understand them perfectly.
But I thought I let you know anyway.
I'm satisfied so I cannot say I suggest anything more.
I don't understand the question.
you know to help me.
And I did it.
I could understand her.
I guess pay for (unclear).
I shouldn't have lost these in the first place.
I misplaced them so that didn't help but anyway.
I don't know what else to do.
So I would encourage people to look into that one.
I would like to have had a list of.
So if you would like to discuss this further please feel free to call me.
I wish we could get by without them.
And I can't afford forty dollars.
I would appreciate being reconnected.
And you could hire more reps like him.
And I don't want you to forget the name Michael.
I think you can check the map and see the address.
And that's all that I can say.
I would like to speak with someone.
But I you know basically stood.
So I shouldn't of had to go through this at all.
I don't know if it travels in families.
I think the records there should be able to tell that.
And I don't anticipate that it be a problem again.
I could not ask for any better service.
And they all know my answers.
They don't need to improve it any.
I couldn't ask for better.
So I know they have to read it and I know it's long.
I couldn't have got better service.
And yes I would definitely recommend people to UHC.
And I didn't understand why they refuse it.
But I guess you don't allow it.
And I hope I get her every time I call.
I can't help it if the other facilities was closed.
sooner 'cause I really need it.
all you need to do was pay your.
I don't know why you did that.
I need my patches I am in so much pain.
I think you got it quite on (unclear) on where you should be.
I know her name but I couldn't I can't remember what it is but anyway there's nothing that I would change.
I don't like being disconnected.
You know that does not make me happy.
Now I have to start all over.
Now I have to call Social Security.
So I don't know whether you have phone problems or agent problems but something has to give.
I want to speak with someone now.
But now I guess they're not which I didn't know.
And I didn't know anything about it.
So I guess how am I supposed to know if I didn't know.
And where does anybody tell you?.
So I need to know that within 24 hours.
So you couldn't do too much.
And I recommend him to anybody.
You could make it a whole lot easier to get to someone who can give you like an answer.
I would suggest you put it on the internet.
So I don't have to make calls like this.
I can understand if it's not with the same company.
So I do give it a 10 I just didn't know how to punch the 10 on my phone.
I don't know that anybody can answer this question.
Why do I have to go three times a year.
She didn't need to anything more for me.
I couldn't find anything.
He could not answer my question.
I think that UHC has to recognize Lyme disease as a disease.
And I think it's something you need to look at.
I need nothing better.
Each time I talk to somebody I can't understand them.
maybe I will be able to operate better.
I hope you can trace this back to her.
I almost think the only thing that you could possibly do better and it's hard to imagine is have her immediately on the phone when I call.
Except for I really do wish they could provide hard copies of information.
I didn't have to repeat myself.
I didn't hear what you said.
But I understand that you need a physical address.
So I still do not know if I can go to Gillespie Street or not.
And I did not get a clear answer.
So I quite honestly can't think of any more you can do.
I can accept the wait.
They aren't and I understand that.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
I didn't even have to wait.
I can't afford the price of (unclear).
Can't get it do what I need to do.
And also I didn't have to wait 45 minutes to get to you.
I just wanted to double check it so that is super.
I was looking for alternative medicine but there is none so I appreciate y'all.
I have everything every time I ask question and I have everything I want so for right now everything is okay.
I can't understand why it seems as though they didn't want to give out the information that I wanted.
And I do appreciate being able to talk to someone.
May I speak to a representative please.
I didn't understand why I wasn't eligible for the (unclear) program.
I call and ask about it and you don't have vision.
Right now I don't know because I just got a good (unclear).
And I'm glad I ave UHC.
Well you could have got the.
you should be proud to have a representative like Leonardo.
Or it should be the right thing and I appreciate that.
So I don't consider that a real problem.
(Unclear) I have to think about that.
I don't know why I have insurance.
I could (unclear) for $60.
Why they do that I have no clue.
You satisfied all my questions so I didn't have anything better that you could do.
So I have to wait until he's here to call and ask the question.
I think there all as you fives.
And I would be more than glad to recommend your company for insurance.
If you have another question say it.
And I highly recommend UHC to anyone and that's.
I just didn't get a chance to finish my conversation.
so now I have to call back right now.
I didn't understand the first question.
I didn't need to do anything else.
Couldn't do anything better and I appreciate the service.
I think that needs to stop.
So that's all I have to say.
I didn't understand it exactly.
And I definitely would recommend you guys.
So I have nothing to say on how to improve.
But overall I cannot complain whatsoever.
So what do I do now? Bye.
And then go ahead and do it.
And I hope I didn't talk too much.
I always get the help that I need.
I just don't see where you could improve on it.
And I don't owe it.
And I believe that y'all need to kind of straighten out your customer service department.
So I think you should probably revise your policy on that.
I would give her a hundred out of ten.
I have nothing to tell you that you have to do better.
I recommend it to anybody.
I couldn't ask for anything better.
And they were eager to help me.
And they do the necessary things that would that I mean they really didn't have to do.
But I did manage to do that.
So I don't know whether I should even be mentioning it.
I can't ask for nothing better.
I think your scale should be from 1-9 not from 1-10.
I could barely hear it but it's okay.
I hope to use your service again in the future and hopefully your assistant will be as knowledgeable.
They still speak in they native language and I can't understand it.
Can I hang up now.
Good day I have no reason to think that she needed to do better.
I can't wait to do business with you.
So you know I have to take care of that on my end.
So I think you need to upgrade that.
I wouldn't have changed anything.
Guess I can hang up.
So I would like to see that done in the future for all new customers.
I have difficulty understand at my age.
I understand we have to verify who I am but that information should always transfer over so I'm not.
So that's what I want to say.
I wish they didn't set up these numbers 1 through 10.
I would rate it a 4.
I wouldn't include anything.
Maybe you should have a tutorial on your website to help us or something like that.
So there you have it.
I do wanna hear from you.
I hope that's fair.
you know I like the service I got.
I would say I would give them about a three on that.
So she didn't know.
We don't expect miracles okay.
So that's what I have to say.
But I can't verify that.
So I just want to make sure that I'm given accurate information.
But I mean we did get through with it.
I don't know exactly what else you could.
I wouldn't know what to say.
I have to call back.
And I will take care of this as soon as I can.
I didn't understand the question.
I didn't understand that one.
You ought to have more people like her.
So I don't know any more than I did when I started.
And so tomorrow we will have to continue that.
And I hope you have a lot of success.
I mean whatever I need they try to get for me.
I mean I just love UHC Duel Complete.
I will recommend it to everybody I see.
So I do like that you have that option right from the beginning.
And I wish I had decided to take the survey then.
So I couldn't find a thing wrong.
I would recommend it to anyone.
before they have to (unclear) I don't know.
I'd really like to know.
At this point I don't see anything in particular.
it didn't appear to exist.
If I do I certainly will let you know.
I don't rely on that they've get.
So I don't think you need to improve any of that.
So but that's the only thing I would have to say.
I think the only thing you can do better is to make sure I always talk to Austin.
So the one thing that you could do better is to keep having people that are easy to reach like Austin.
That would have been helpful but I understand that you don't know pricing as well as you should.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
So if you could do that that would be great.
Or I wish you would.
You don't have to do anything to improve it.
She would not let me do my survey.
I don't see where anything need to change.
I I can't see to do much more with UHC.
And I didn't get (unclear).
And I understand that because they're working so they have to do things fast.
But that's one problem I do notice I have.
But most the time I can get someone I understand so.
Because now I can do some other things and help others.
I just think that you need more Miss Randi's.
I wouldn't be with you if I could find better benefits but I can't.
I've hardly used the service yet so I don't really know.
Hello? Hello? Could I hang up? What should I do?.
If you want to do something for us.
Your system was down so I actually could not get anything solved.
I just want to compliment her.
And I believe we're getting it solved.
I think you did a super job.
You could have had your service up.
You just have to convince Doctor Heinrich and his group for joining your plan.
Someone needs to sell this.
And I can't say enough about her professionalism.
And I do not think he could've done a better job.
Now do I hang up?.
I cannot complain about anything.
I meant to punch 4.
I just have a toothache so I didn't want to (unclear) survey (unclear) experience.
I don't think they finished talking to me.
So maybe we can get some more.
But I hope you have a good day.
And she should definitely deserve a promotion and a raise.
And I just don't think that's right.
I cannot understand foreign accents.
I would prefer to have English because I am English accent.
I don't know how it happened.
I mean I couldn't I ask him where he was from.
Now if you could clone Jacob you wouldn't have to ever hire anybody else.
I really don't know what to say.
I didn't expect any more than what I got and that's all I know.
Well you could do your own billing for Irma.
So you could do that.
And I hope you have more employees like her.
Would you please have someone call me back.
I couldn't have asked for more.
I didn't get her name.
I just that way you can ask them a question and they can answer.
I wish that someone could have been speaking English.
So that's all I need to say.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I think you ought to look into that.
I'd like that clarified because I don't think I should be paying.
I hate talking to computers.
I will give him 100 percent team player.
I am gonna hope that it works.
So I wasn't sure whether to keep the book or not but anyway I'm going to follow her advice and keep it and probably just get more detailed information when I actually retire.
You didn't answer my phone.
Thank you and I guess I have to call back.
I need somebody to call me back.
I kept I hate those things.
I didn't speak to anyone.
Maybe I can speak to someone now.
I want to talk to somebody.
I don't know what happened.
And I never knew that.
Okay I was hoping I would get the chance to do this.
But I realize I have my obligation to so I guess everything is good.
And I would call her again.
I don't remember her name.
You should know whether or not it's covered.
Lisa needs to get a raise.
I cannot think about anything thank you.
So I don't know that.
You don't need to do anything.
I didn't have to wait long so I'm happy.
Angel if you could just credit phenomenal.
I forgot to give it to (unclear) because I have (unclear).
So do I hang up now? I don't know.
They were constantly trying to follow their script I guess and I didn't need that.
I just needed to resolve my problem.
Excuse me I had to sneeze.
You need to straighten it out.
I don't know if you could improve it.
I guess there isn't anything I just say if I didn't have to go to a doctor.
But I would give you overall experience a 10.
Now I'm gonna have to call back.
But I have surgery because I have.
But I wish you could check your records.
I couldn't ask for more.
I would suggest giving him a raise.
If I could know right now.
I need to be helped with a (unclear).
you plan and I do plan to change in the end of this year.
I cannot talk to a person.
You could implement that a little faster.
I couldn't ask for any better service.
you have to go in the order the calls come.
I don't even know how to say it.
And I hope I get him again if I need any help.
I don't think that I had any problems and I don't I understand the delay initially when you first call.
But I didn't know if I should put in a zero.
I want to put in kudos with Donna.
But I just wanted to say if everyone at oh sp.
I wish I could have found out with Joy (unclear) is.
I wish I could go.
We need to know sooner.
I don't know if that's due to a privacy act.
I don't know what you said.
I don't know what you said.
I don't know what you said.
I have to go to another department.
I would even say over a thousand percent.
I couldn't improve on it if I tried.
I didn't care for the correction.
I mean I would not even want to be bothered.
I mean I'm paying $28.
I I do appreciate having the phone contact.
So she gets she should get a raise.
If I don't have help then they don't get done easily.
I can't remember the whole number.
I would appreciate a phone call on this so I could carry this conversation even further.
And I just hope this problem will be resolved.
Either you are don't want to do it or you find that.
I guess I'll have to go and try to find.
I think they did a good job.
So I guess I need to redial.
We like you folks and you just needed to smile more.
Speak more clearly because I have a hearing loss and it's difficult to understand if people speak rapidly.
I just don't like waiting online.
So I want to just put that on a message.
I would not change anything.
I just don't understand how doctors can drop you you can drop doctors.
I don't know why I was calling.
You were more than helpful and I don't think I could ask for better customer service.
I still can't get one to adopt me but I'm working on 'em.
So I would highly recommend you guys.
I don't know how you could improve.
Thank you and I would like a statement sent every year.
So I had to give it again.
So I hope I get one finally.
If I had a business I definitely would hire her.
So I didn't get it.
When can I hang up? No.
And several people have said they would try and fix that.
And I couldn't ask for anyone nicer.
'Cause I have a good doctor.
And I couldn't imagine it going smoother.
So I can't see any way you could improve it.
I can't hear a.
I have to wait for it come on.
I couldn't hear away the coffee.
And I did not have couldn't be put on hold.
You could have your representatives speak more slowly.
I can't think of anything because I just had a change of address.
But I guess the bills are paid.
So I couldn't call her back.
9156265414 if you need to speak with me.
I had to say what.
What did you say.
You give specific clubs that you will back up.
But that may not even be your fault.
So I just wanted to let you know that.
You don't need to improve that.
I may just give you guys a call back again.
I think it's gonna be resolved.
I think she deserves a raise (unclear) Elina.
I finally have Dr.
Please try to find some way to link everything together.
And then I said well you know I need a surgeon.
You might just want to pick up the phone and say hey we got a little show here of a.
You might just take 5 minutes and pick up the phone and that might actually save some time.
Or whatever you want to say.
So I might have to find another option for that.
I couldn't complain about a thing.
And you all have already paid them for it.
The one thing you could do better is to make it easy to immediately get to a live person.
But if you just make that a bit easier that would be great.
I can't find the paper that I should of put away.
I know that he's an English speaker.
That that's all you need to know.
We really tried to communicate but it just wasn't working.
I just wish that maybe there was a way that patients could get.
But when you get to be my age people need to talk a little slower.
I don't know at this moment.
I don't see how you could've improved at all.
you continue to do this.
I don't see no improvement capable of happening.
You need to get (unclear) that will give glasses when someone has cataract surgery.
So you could not improve on it.
Like I said I don't have a lot of things to make people aware of.
The drivers to be aware of you know.
I cannot recommend anything right now.
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know what to say.
I like it that way.
I just needed to know where to call.
And I did find that okay.
No need to get better.
So I couldn't be happier.
Please try to help us with this.
If it's just a checkup they should just say checkup.
No need to improve nothing.
So you just correct that.
I wouldn't change a thing.
Resolve my issue I still haven't gotten to speak to anyone.
You don't need to change anything.
I can do without that.
Just I just give her an A plus.
They just didn't know the number or how to get it.
But I also understand that they have more than me to wait on and that's it.
And I will continue to use you and recommend you.
I wait for the.
I wait so many weeks.
Usually when they say they're connecting you you just get a busy signal.
They have to look it up.
I could look it up myself.
But I could be wrong.
I don't know how to improve it.
I don't know what else to say.
I think that should be made to them.
So that's all that I have to say.
Now I remember this time anyway.
I couldn't ask for better help thank you.
I don't know if this is going to change for this year but I could really use exercise (unclear).
(Unclear) let me know there is (unclear).
Now I have to wait and see.
May you continue to train and teach and help others to do the same as she did.
And I didn't have to wait a super long time.
So that's what I would say.
I didn't think to ask.
What do I do now?.
So I can't do a survey.
So I don't know what you do in there.
I probably will be looking at other plans.
I like the way y'all did it.
Have your employees know all the answers they should know.
I feel to help me get my situation resolved.
you know if I indicated that I hadn't understood him.
So I didn't have to call back.
I cannot (unclear) about it.
I forgot to say I give her a 4.
So I would give it a.
So that's something he didn't have to do.
So I don't think there could be any improvement.
But I shouldn't have had to call.
I don't like to say this but I did have a hard time understanding the service representatives.
I don't know the voice system.
I didn't have to wait long or anything.
So I don't know whether that was a temporary fluke or something you might want to explore.
I don't know that I needed anything else.
And you know I couldn't expect any more from her.
I would like to for y'all to get back to have a talking person instead of those animated people.
So I would really appreciate if y'all get back to talking people.
So anyway I have to dig up more information and then get back with y'all.
But that's all y'all can do.
I mean you really helped me.
I have to sign something and we weren't able to complete (unclear).
I don't know what that would be.
I don't if that does any good.
But I just can't understand why it's simple.
We do not owe anything.
I mean I just don't like it at all.
I don't see you can do.
I prefer to talk to Shantell each time I call you.
Well you could get somebody that speaks English.
I cannot say enough about her.
I don't understand when we have a 183.
So I don't think that's my fault.
Right now I can't think of anything better but I did give a 10 that I would you know refer someone else to you.
I try to stay out of heading people into things.
I can give them advice but that's about it.
And so I guess I should have given 10's for everything.
I wanna give him an A plus.
I understand should I have any questions or concerns I am free to give them a call and they will be more than happy to help me.
No you don't have to do anything.
That you can talk to.
I don't know because I've been denied transportation.
But you don't accept discover.
You need to give that gentleman a raise.
So if you can fix that.
I wish they could all be like that.
I didn't get an answer.
That way I can pronounce their name and not you know cause anything like that.
But I finally did get it.
I guess I have to wait and I understand that.
You don't need to change anything.
Hire somebody that can speak better English so she can be understood.
I didn't have to push a number to get it and I'm very happy with today's results.
Other than that thank you so very much and I will continue to use you.
I would like the company to be more transparent with what would've been available in October.
And I really can't think of anything would you know would you need to do to improve your service for calls of this nature.
On that call I probably couldn't tell you how to improve it.
And third I have nothing to add.
I think you need a person to ask questions thank you.
And I do tell my friends about it.
Enlightened me as to what I need to do.
I could hear her.
I can't answer that negatively.
Really to be able to care enough to get to the bottom.
Sunday I didn't think they'd be able to do an awful lot.
I would recommend speaking to her too anyone.
In my opinion they should cover.
So I will do that.
I wish you had more of her.
I might not have worded it well.
I need a representative to talk to.
You just didn't have a drug that I could've used.
I give you 10.
You cannot seem to get the problem resolved.
I wish we'd had a better connection.
So I thank you and I'd also say she's an asset to UHC.
I couldn't be happier.
You could've helped me which you did not do at all.
I haven't got to talk to anyone yet.
They need to pay on time where they can get the work.
And I wish I'd never taken it.
I couldn't register it.
I didn't have to wait and it was.
Please re enter I do not recognize that number.
I wish could all the time.
And I didn't feel rushed or anything.
And you should let him know.
Because people always hear when someone complains.
And please let Dominic know.
And if you will not hang up I would appreciate it.
So I would give him a star for that.
So I don't know what's going on.
But you are my provider so I should not worry.
And so I don't know what else you could've done.
I don't know why I was denied.
I really think that you need some extra training.
I couldn't get the last zero in.
So that's all I know.
I hope we are finished.
Did you hear me.
I think you should give her a raise.
So I just have to get cataracts removed alright thank you.
And I cannot say thank you enough.
I meant to push pin.
I don't have to go through sixteen different prompts in order to do that.
So I'm gonna have to say excellent.
So I'll just have to.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
You could've let me talk to a representative.
So I need to call back.
So I need to talk to someone now.
I still can't get the option that I need.
They said well they didn't have it.
I have to wait for the results.
I'd rather have it you know.
So you can give him a kudos.
you know I got my answer.
And that's the best thing you can do.
I had a claim denied and I wanna know why.
I would like to give her a big shout out.
I wish if I could have put it.
make it known that she should get a raise.
I just don't know what I would say.
I would say you don't need to improve anything.
So I don't know that you needed to do anything any different.
I just appreciate you giving me a chance for the feedback.
I wish I knew if I should hang up or not.
I barely can hear your representative.
And I still end up going out online to find out what I need to know.
But I understand y'all tried to and couldn't so I don't hold you responsible for not being able to talk to them if they didn't want to talk to you.
I could use that money.
I don't think you all need to do anything different right now.
(Unclear) is a great doctor that I would prefer to keep.
I would like to talk to her again.
So you need something (unclear).
You have never done that and you have never even.
I could understand the woman.
I did have polyps they wanna do a recheck this year and I think there should not be a $295.
The one thing I would like better from you is to have the doctors on record correctly.
So I would recommend (unclear) to anybody at this point so far.
I wouldn't change a thing.
So you know if you can improve on that that would be great.
I would advise that you need nothing to improve upon.
They are excellent and I would not change a thing.
If I get a call I'm gonna take another call.
So if you can improve on that that would be nice.
To tell you the truth I don't know.
I would recommend her 100 percent.
I couldn't ask for better help.
So I really don't know what the cost would be.
I would appreciate it very much if you could do that.
I would recommend you to anybody.
I couldn't hear that well.
I guess I was hoping for a different answer.
So I just you know have the billing department get their act together.
I guess we will find out what is happening.
And you all have a good afternoon.
I don't think that you could've improved on it.
I don't know what to say.
So but that's what I would like.
for me that you seem to be the best.
I really like that (unclear) also.
I guess we'll see if I have to call again.
Now I have to change the gyms and everything.
And I would definitely send you to other people.
So I think everybody would like that kind of service.
You know I don't know how that but you need to have a list of active doctors.
Y'all need to get that fixed.
So I would give her very high marks.
I want to give credit to your girl Robin.
You always do a fabulous job when I call up.
I was calling to see if we could reduce the price but didn't work thank you.
Explain things online better so I wouldn't have to call.
So I gotta check in to that and then I will know.
I wouldn't have changed anything.
I couldn't ask for more.
I don't know that there could be an improvement.
Now what do I do.
I guess I have to hang up then.
I don't know what that would be.
I would appreciate a phone call so that I can get this resolved.
So that's the only thing I would say.
I don't think I should have to pay.
I think that should be part of regular preventative care.
So that's what they could do.
So I can't say enough about them.
How do I end this.
I guess I hang up.
Well I didn't get it resolved.
I have to wait and I just want to get it done.
I always say the same thing.
Well I really can't honestly answer that question.
So I just want to put a big atta girl for her.
I would recommend that he be left as a representative.
And very willing to cooperate and help.
So I can't imagine asking for anything better than that.
You answered my questions and I don't have to pay anything.
And when I'm doing business I want to do business.
I don't want to call up and start dealing with a commercial.
I don't need that reminder (unclear).
I hope I don't have to call back.
I like that.
I wasn't put on hold and I really appreciate that.
You need to get more employees like her.
I can't see how she can improve.
Don't think you could have improved on it.
I mean that the (unclear).
So that's all I can tell you.
And so I would like to get her more often if I did call.
And now I they tell me that I should have the second thank you bye.
You know I got a chance to talk to somebody.
I really do like United Healthcare.
I wish that I had.
I couldn't understand I did not understand that last question.
So I'm gonna have to hang up.
I couldn't ask for no better service.
So I have nothing.
No issues you need to work on.
And obviously I can't pay my bill.
So I wanted to involve UHC to help us.
I never have a problem when I call in.
I was could not think of anything.
And you are happy to have her as an employee.
I don't know how you get them or where they come from.
But I think they need to be examined a little more.
We should have more people like her.
But I already knew about the services and I didn't need to go over them again.
I don't see that you need to improve from my point of view.
I hope we solved the problem.
So I recommend this person for anybody else that would call.
I guess I'm done.
I didn't know I needed it.
First of all let me just say this.
They have to call me back.
I never dread calling you.
I would like to.
And now I have to call back again and I don't think I'm gonna get the same person.
Don't think you can improve on that.
And she should be commended.
I think he should be able to get that.
You couldn't have done a better job and I appreciate that.
I could not have wished for more knowledge a good person to talk to.
I wish I can get her every time whenever I have to call for anything.
I think it's very valuable feedback because you want us to call maybe once and just have to.
I think she just probably needs a little more practice.
I couldn't ask for any better service.
I guess get a better plan.
I wouldn't change anything.
So I would say they did their job.
If I were not as computer capable as I am I would throw up my hands and go someplace else.
that's why I did it.
They couldn't give me an answer.
I don't know what else to say.
You should better train your people to be able to just answer general questions about benefits.
So I don't need any change I think.
You have efficient representative and then whenever I call to.
Well I like the.
At this point I don't know.
I think you meet my expectations as of today.
I give it a ten.
But I always get good rapport from them.
That's what you can do correctly.
I always appreciate the fact that I can talk with a live knowledgeable person when I call UHC.
I can see nothing.
So I don't see how that can be improved on.
I could not thank 'em enough.
I don't know what to say.
I hate to have to wait for a person.
I guess maybe I didn't understand from the beginning.
And I think she needs a raise.
And I don't know how you resolve it but that's my situation.
He thought he needed to chit chat and I didn't really need that.
So I wouldn't change anything.
And if you know they'll accept me as a patient.
You would've been able to give me refund.
Never let me down.
I would probably say that if you sent me the letter of denial you should have explained why.
What I have to do.
You don't have to change anything.
And I always get just what I need.
So just I won't say anymore.
Just to so you know.
And I recommend you highly to each and every person that I (unclear) in my age of course.
Now they might have gotten certifications that you have to be seen.
like I don't have access to that information.
Except I get a little.
But I guess I (unclear).
I wish I could get her all the time.
I just don't hardly ever give a full ten on everything.
So I would say I preferred him.
So I would give her a ten plus plus.
And I just really believe that you need to do something different.
So I can't recommend anything else.
one thing I do would like on that.
Y'all always do.
If I have to call back.
So I can relax on that thing now.
And we didn't take it.
Because I couldn't get it online.
I don't know who canceled my Monarch.
Because I don't go anywhere in real life.
Do you wanna hear any more?.
They could have give me an answer.
And I would give you a grade of 1000 times over.
She's trying to be very helpful but I don't know who I can go to.
I couldn't have improved on anything.
I don't understand and I want to clear that up right now today.
And they no longer do it.
I don't think I would've changed a thing.
But I did not get that answer.
I didn't understand for the longest time.
I would like to have a little more detail on that I didn't.
I just couldn't figure it out.
I mean he may have given me an answer he may not.
When you try and call you.
Now I have to commute on the other side of town in traffic so I don't want to have to commute.
I already have tried to tell you you have the resources.
I don't know how you could do better.
I don't know how you could improve it.
So I can (unclear) you for (unclear) you did good.
I cannot follow through.
That's all but I appreciate (unclear) whatever it is but I could hardly follow through it and yet I forgot and yet I (unclear) it already.
I have to get more information.
I wish I could offer you a suggestion.
I couldn't ask for a more better situation.
I don't get this free.
Right now I cannot think of anything.
And so far I wouldn't change a thing.
I couldn't deserve better.
You know I really appreciate the fact that I can get straight to a representative without having to press this if I want this and that if I want that.
I want a callback.
Y'all always have.
Let me tell you you know.
I didn't ask for this survey.
So I am giving you a 0.
And I would also say that he should be a model for all your agents that are being trained.
And I would speak gladly to somebody.
Because I do believe it's that important.
it didn't get accepted.
But most of the time you just have to wait and see.
You know to be honest.
And love to have you do it again if I have any other questions.
So if you have a problem with that you could fix that that would help people.
So I have to question how well trained the people are.
But I just think that certainly the people should be more better trained to understand what the options would be.
I don't see improve at all.
Number one you could learn how to subtract and add.
I couldn't have asked for a better person.
That's it I guess.
I have a cold so I'm sorry.
And I wanna just say that instead of a ten.
We shouldn't have to do that.
I hope you hear this.
I recommend you give her an award.
I wish I would have understood that from the beginning.
I wouldn't have to have thought about it and worried about it.
Please go up and say.
I don't know who like (unclear) but if you can.
if you get this recorded you need to tell them.
So I would really recommend.
I wish for the old days.
I needed to hear them better.
I put it on speaker phone but I could not I still couldn't hear them talking.
they can release my med's.
I would give him.
I would say nothing.
So I would say research the questions and then call back.
I know it has to be looked at and I have to fill out some forms so I'll just have to wait until we get that settled.
You might just mention to them when they;re talking to people up in age they might consider that.
I could not understand what the lady was saying.
I can't tell you if it's a 10 because I don't know yet but I will find out and.
Of course I didn't ask them to but the first lady that helped me out I didn't have to ask her.
I didn't hear what you said.
I would tell everybody to get you.
I don't understand why I have to repeat that twice.
I hope that (unclear).
I don't think you could have improved on your service today.
Being that I didn't know (unclear) told me.
OK does that mean I can hang up now.
I (unclear) give her a raise.
And I definitely would recommend you again.
I just hope you stay with us.
You ask so much questions and you have to still go through (unclear) to talk to a human being.
Call me back and let me know what I need to do (unclear) today.
And I have to go too far from where I live.
You could have more people like Brenda who helped me.
I qualify for it.
I didn't expect it.
You ought to get your sp.
And I have recommended you to many of my friends.
I could tell that they could not hear me clearly.
I always have a good experience when I call you guys.
And I would like to speak with somebody other than a recording.
I just know I don't have an answer to my issue.
I can't find the results.
I just wanted you to know that.
I didn't think I can ask you to do anything better.
I'd like to do the same again.
I can't improve on anything.
So I hope they improve on that.
it didn't get resolved.
I didn't press the zero because of him.
So I wasn't satisfied at all.
I really dislike the fact that you try to force your clients to go paperless.
Without her I would never been able to do it.
I didn't understand about the bill and I still don't understand it but I guess I have to pay it.
I recommend you to everybody that needs help.
I just want you to know about Marie because she's from Arizona.
I think that there should be a better organization.
I like the news I got.
I didn't think that you need to do anything else.
So that's all I have to say.
You guys I don't have to touch anything.
So I guess I just have to go with whatever is whatever.
Well I didn't have the right numbers or something so and we couldn't quite locate them.
I don't know how to take advantage of it.
I think the best thing was to get people who can speak and understand English and who are not involved in (unclear).
I just think when you get the (unclear) they need to explain everything to you.
I couldn't ask for anything.
You need to get rid of it.
I really can't say what more you can do.
Other than that I if I have any other problems I'll be happy to call back.
I can get the answer to my question and get off.
I think you need to improve your system.
So hopefully you can improve the system.
I don't think you could have improved on my call.
If it does I will let you know.
I just hope and pray everything's okay.
As I don't want to just sit around and wait for a someone to call on this.
I wished you could have all of you have the same definition.
And I'm sure you want to hang up.
But I don't know that is a system problem.
You could have done your job and I didn't ask for your survey.
I need to speak to somebody in tech support.
I have a H plan and I would recommend it to anybody.
I would say you did it.
Because I make this like.
And I will continue to do so for quite sometime.
You can go to one location and (unclear) you can't go to the other.
I figured y'all could handle that personally.
But you wanna know how you can improve that.
I didn't get her name.
And you guys are telling me that it might not happen.
They act like they care and I believe they do and because you could tell it when they talk to you.
I would never change anything.
I don't know what to do.
They should speak very clearly.
So I just really wanted to give her credit.
Well I don't think you could do.
I couldn't don't believe I could asked for any better.
I (unclear) to comment about it.
I won't know for twenty four hours.
So I couldn't imagine there's anything else.
I couldn't find a pen and the lady (unclear).
I don't agree with the crossovers.
I really can't say enough about them.
But if I do I'm sure I'll let you know.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I don't think that I could have had better treatment.
I don't know how you can improve on it from my standpoint.
I couldn't get the lady.
I'll let you know.
I didn't need nothing else.
I have to leave now so I would like to say a few things but unfortunately I have no time today.
I really enjoy being a United care customer.
I will recommend you to someone else.
And I'm not gonna be hopefully I won't be disappointed.
I have to say that the (unclear) couldn't do better.
I think you could get your EOBs out quicker than you do.
I don't know what to suggest to do better.
I hate to use the word perfect but you were beyond perfect.
I don't think you can improve upon this.
Please you might want to track that down and educate the person I talked to prior to this call.
Honestly I don't know I just got started with this.
But you know I have to wait (unclear) judgement until it all gets going.
I need some help.
Knew her really I can't complain.
So I have to try and find an alternative.
I really like interacting with her.
At this time I could not think of anything.
I meant to press 4 because I do it always.
So far I've always been satisfied so I have no complaints and I really can't add anything.
I would appreciate a call.
I realized I didn't have a balance and I didn't have any actually required.
And how I could ask questions in the future if I didn't understand.
Samantha could not be.
can always be able I feel to call this department and get well results.
I wouldn't change anything.
And so I guess that's all I have to say.
But I know that's not possible.
I didn't get a confirmation.
I don't know that our suggestion will make any difference but I think that is a place you shouldn't be cutting corners.
I don't know what she was doing.
And they always answer the questions that I ask.
But I guess that's the norm.
And then I can't get back to the original person and I have to start over.
So I think some of your representatives need to be better trained.
And I haven't (unclear) voice and I talk.
you know I hope the call was recorded so that you can listen to the conversation.
But anyway I would like for someone to call me back.
that I wanted to know about.
I don't know how to figure out where I can get my question answered.
If you could speed that up I think that would be a good deal.
Do I hang up now? Bye.
I should have made it a 10.
I should have put in a 1 0 and I didn't.
And this survey I hope will go far with.
I hope I have her name right.
I don't know anything can change.
she didn't do yet.
I cannot answer that.
So you know you kind of just go with the flow.
I didn't need anything different than what y'all gave me.
I don't know if I pushed the second button.
I would have liked eye glass coverage.
Questions that I wouldn't think of.
You could have told me I didn't have to make any payments.
When I go to go online it does not allow it.
I still do not quite understand all this.
So I will have to follow up on it tomorrow.
I think the insurance should be able to have (unclear) glasses.
I don't know what they said.
Maybe I will later.
And I really want to give him a compliment.
(Unclear) I didn't understand you.
And they said I couldn't have one.
I couldn't ask for anybody better.
I couldn't have asked for a better representative.
So that would just change your life you can carry it around.
Anyway that's what I need.
That's why I say zero.
I can not say enough good things about Tracy.
I'm sorry I had to wait.
You could have answered my question.
I wouldn't change anything.
I do not know the company name.
All I need to do now is make sure that I have caught on and it works through application.
So that I would like an improvement on.
I really don't know of a better (unclear).
I don't think you need to do anything with your representatives.
I would do nothing to change it.
I think you already do everything that we can ask for it and we very appreciate it.
I cannot ask for more from your company.
I hope I get (unclear) every question.
And I did not get her name.
So if I could get those and I'm.
Okay that's all I could say.
So I hope this one will turn out.
if they would just.
the reason I called could not be taken care of.
you know doing.
I still don't understand what's going on.
I think it might be wise to ask for your zip code.
But now I have to pay $19.
Can I get back to her?.
If I change my.
And so they said do not stress or it'll crack off.
They could be suburbs what have you.
I might have to call back again so therefore you know that's debatable.
Well they don't take extension numbers so I didn't get back to her.
So what am I gonna do.
I hope to be getting the information soon.
we have to miss a bill to pay that.
And I really want to live but if I don't get an answer soon I probably won't be living.
So I just don't think you could improve on that call.
So I have concerns about that.
I understand I could go for second opinions.
And you may call me or send me a survey if you want to.
I would like to get a better information (unclear).
I have to wait until June 1st to call again.
It didn't even know who I was.
One will say you know give me an answer and then I'll call and if they.
Which indicates I may owe something.
And how I can go about solving a problem if I have one.
sums up it I can give.
You could offer more options and everything.
Now I have to call back.
Now I just need to see if everything gets followed through on that's it.
I could not even have a chance to talk to a representative.
I don't believe you need 12 pages.
I think it can be condensed in order we could save the trees.
So I wouldn't change anything.
I don't know what to say.
I'd like to thank her.
I cannot afford it.
I can't afford it.
What do you want me to say? Hello?.
I wish that I could have.
I get a dead line you know that I just have to sit and wait.
It makes me feel better about what I have to do now.
So you need to improve on that.
Well I wish we could have gotten to a representative sooner than October 15th.
I presume is all that she can do.
I give him a 100 he needs a raise.
You should have one person that handles it when you call in they handle it.
And I know you have your new thing with somebody that you can contact.
And didn't have to wait very long.
I don't know I managed to get to a real person.
I could understand him.
I would give it 10.
At this point I don't see any improvements that you need to make.
I give great kudos.
I can't explain it.
they ask me for my.
I give it to her.
You don't really get to talk to them.
So I really didn't find anything out that's all.
And you can't buy that he was great.
You know so I mean she's an asset.
And you could not get no better.
I guess I can hang up.
Whenever I call they do a great job and explain anything that I need to know.
But yes no I could not understand him.
I couldn't even understand that.
other benefits I didn't know about.
just so you know that.
I could not do more than a 10 but I would if I could.
And I have to say I didn't have all the time good experiences.
For other things that I might have.
They always service me very well.
I really wish you would do that.
I don't know if I'm really ready to answer.
I don't know how to get it.
I wouldn't change anything.
But I don't know if you could streamline that any faster or not but anyway I appreciate all her efforts and.
So I think that your services for the deaf could probably be improved.
I need sometime I need more than just cleaning.
So you all need to do something about that.
I think you have taken care of it.
that I would be called back.
representatives need to speak slower and more distinctly so that we can understand them.
I get my answer.
He says I drink alcohol.
That's I guess all I have to say.
And I couldn't be happier.
And I do refer you to.
And now I will know.
You could've let me speak to a representative.
At this time I think that.
I highly recommend him and if you (unclear) with every other.
I wish that I didn't have to do too much (unclear).
I guess I can hang up now.
The one thing you could do better for me would be to allow me to take these surveys.
I can call them and they have yet to fail me.
So I just think you should know that.
That would help you know help a lot.
So anyway I can't elaborate anymore.
I know they can read them.
So I just need help in getting this resolved.
Why in the world do I have to tell them my information.
So why do I have to do this twice.
I couldn't get it off people would tell me it was.
I couldn't get it 'til.
So what else could I ask for thank you goodbye.
I don't see where you need to do anything to change that.
I really couldn't ask for more help.
Like I said I won't let that.
I won't let you melt away my little sister.
I will try that.
That's what I have to say.
I feel like could be handled differently.
I don't think you need to change a thing.
Often times I get someone who doesn't.
Try not to eat too much now.
And I would recommend you to anybody else.
So I think next time I'll if I ever call I'll ask to have a much louder connection.
I wish I hope I get her the next time I have to call.
I couldn't really hear sometimes.
I have to be there at 9.
And y'all can make Angela a supervisor because she would make a good supervisor.
I guess I hang up.
You don't have to change anything as far as I'm concerned.
Well I don't think I have one thing.
Just once in awhile I need help and they're always willing to help me.
I mean I couldn't think of the answer the.
You need to keep that lady.
But I didn't really resolve it.
You know I got stuff to do.
So you need to have people that can book people for transportation everyday.
Which I need very badly I just need to know how much would it 20 percent would be.
I don't think that I could've had any further help because I think I need to call another division or someone else.
So that's about all I can say.
I need you didn't need to do better at all.
And my experience in this hospital they will not forget.
I can always call back.
So that's not any big deal and I will certainly call tomorrow.
And you always will have a big ten from me.
Not have raised my prices again and I didn't even know about it.
So I wish I could get a Rachel every time I call in.
I didn't have a talk to though to anybody.
Every time I call I always get the.
So because of that I am going to investigate other health plans.
I don't know if I'm supposed to hang up now.
So that could be something you could do is simplify your website for members.
So that we can find out.
I still have to assure that that override is ready.
They're attentive and they always solve whatever problem that I think I may have.
I wanna opt out of UHC.
I wish you could help me all the time.
I just hope to get results from this call thank you.
That would be nice to have it and I don't have to call to have one sent to me.
I tell you what you could have done.
Is anybody there I can talk to.
I couldn't say more.
I didn't get my welcome packet so I didn't know what to do next.
Now I will really like to have acupuncture included and I thank you.
Well I have a time when I do call trying to give them my birthday.
Well I said before you know being on the phone I know you have to wait.
I don't know what to complain.
I appreciate for helping me so far each time you know when I call in.
I didn't speak to anybody.
I can't go to the Bronx and I certainly can't go to New Rochelle.
I can think of no improvements.
I wouldn't recommend anything because the rep was great.
I mean they need to be able to respond when you call.
Apparently he doesn't want to participate.
I didn't want any.
I give a nine to the first question because I don't like to recommend anything to anybody.
They won't provide prices so I can get an estimate.
I cannot say one bad word about her.
So I had to have it repeated.
So I couldn't improve anymore of what it was.
I know what to do.
It was prompt and I didn't have to wait.
And I will recommend you whenever I have the chance to my friends or to my neighbors.
Well I didn't get to answer my question today.
And I just call time to time to do that.
You might put on there where you can send the forms.
I would recommend anyone to come to you.
I like to talk to a human.
You always have to ask for a representative.
I certainly would prefer not to have those.
If you guys give him a raise.
But I am left with a doubt.
Please look into it and see.
Even though I didn't have (unclear) refill.
Send me a note that I would very happily be able to (unclear).
Well I think that we need to put pressure on the pharmaceuticals.
So I really can't answer that.
I feel like I can go forward and try to get this resolved.
And I didn't really I've never been here before.
So I go back and reread your literature.
I think it would just be easier to get to a representative.
And I couldn't have asked for better service.
Actually I don't see anything that needs improvement.
I can't afford this stuff.
And I just can't afford it.
Because I don't want to die.
I don't want to just say I'm not taking Humilog anymore and die.
I don't know the gentleman's name that helped me.
But let me tell you.
Too bad I didn't get his name to tell you.
Let me tell you.
I would say actually nothing.
I didn't get the right person to talk to.
He said he didn't have access to be able to do that.
On the ten (unclear) I don't know how to do it.
I think the survey's over now.
But I mean I guess I can find that out from someone else.
I just get this letter for some reason.
I couldn't ask for anything different.
And you're lucky to have them.
I have to do everything by myself (unclear).
So I can find out I know his appointment's this week.
I just don't know what day.
So I don't know what happened.
He said no it's alright I can take that one whenever I need to get in.
I am not I'm kind of uneasy because I didn't get a good answer.
So I have to maybe have her repeat it again.
I need to get back to her.
I don't know if there is one.
You could have more people like Crystal that I just talked to.
But if I could read more about it I would understand it better.
You should always a person like her on.
I didn't see any areas where you need to make improvement.
And could not do it.
So I have to call back another day.
I shouldn't have to be on hold for so long.
I don't know if you mean this call.
Every time I call I just.
I mean how am I supposed to breath.
And I now know the path I have to take to accomplish what I need to accomplish.
Sorry I have to go now.
And I think that's all unless you have anything else.
She did not rush me.
I would recommend her anytime.
I always have questions and have to call to see what you actually meant by that result.
So I think that you should either do that.
And I didn't much care for that.
I didn't have to wait long.
So I hope you can change my (unclear).
I had a (unclear) and because my need (unclear) you wouldn't help me with it.
I can't sleep at night.
Tell me the truth so I wouldn't have to call everybody.
I think you do everything for me.
But I guess I never will get any help like that.
So you couldn't do anything else to improve.
What you really could do better is to get doctor's that you know.
If you could fix it it'd be appreciated.
(Unclear) information that I didn't even know (unclear).
So I don't know how to do anything better.
I think the representative should have been more detail oriented.
I didn't write his last name down.
Just stay as you are.
But I had to rephrase.
And I hope I don't have to make another phone call.
I could not change a thing.
So I think that your customer service people need to listen.
Have people that I can understand their language.
He didn't understand some things.
I could not be happier.
I think that would help a whole lot.
And I try to give as much money as I can when I can.
I don't think you need to improve at all.
I do not like that.
It would help to know that.
It would also I would like if you could possible do it.
I hope anyway.
I won't be calling again.
So I shouldn't have an issue after that.
So I don't know how often that happens.
And so I can't make the orders because they don't put the credits I have in place.
They usually are but I'm disappointed I have so much money that I have to pay.
So that's all I know.
And I come to understand it.
I mean although you can do something I guess.
But I didn't see it.
But I just wanted to have a verification.
I hope I pushed the right number.
That way I wouldn't have to be calling in and asking questions.
As far as I can tell.
They take you exactly where you want to go.
I like it annunciated.
So I would like to hear that annunciated or spelled out to me.
If you want to talk to me you can call 8568510189.
So I can discuss this further.
I couldn't ask for more.
I can't see how you could improve.
Why didn't I know before I went there?.
You could have answered my question.
So I won't be getting anymore.
But I overall I'm not very criticizing.
So I really can't even complain about that.
I think if you need to make your questions more understandable.
Then I wouldn't have needed to call.
So I guess that's why I stayed with them.
I mean I have to pay $1100 now.
It was I will not look for another better answer.
So I hope that this can be resolved and I hope that you get the word out-.
If I didn't know about what.
I just needed to get.
I would recommend you're office to anybody.
You couldn't improve on anything.
I hate to say that.
I might've had to wait a little longer.
You could have answered my call.
I could get I could you know use some help here.
I just wish your website directions would be as good.
They didn't do anything yet so I can't.
you know chart to chart and help me figure out.
you know I need to get.
you know it could be improved.
I just wish that they could be a little bit more supportive to patients in need.
I mean they are limited to what they can do on the phone.
And I couldn't ask for better assistance or help.
They always help me.
Previously I can't give such a good review.
You could make a generic drug cheaper than you can make the name brand.
I was I didn't need any additional help but thank you.
I would highly recommend her.
Do I hang up? I guess so.
You got to try and call the doctor.
What you can do is fill the d*** prescription.
But I would give him an A plus.
I wish that Charlie would you know he speak slower.
I have I would take her any time.
I just wanted to add something.
that I have to have.
I like working with y'all.
I don't see where you can improve any better.
I guess you could pay my copay.
So I still don't have my answer.
I highly recommend her please.
I can't ask for more.
We have to call back we couldn't get dividend answer today.
You couldn't ask for a better representative.
Well I don't know how to understand that.
So I can't see improving what she did.
Did you get my message?.
Could not even help me.
I don't remember the first girls name.
I wish I would've called sooner on my side.
I understand it's not her department.
I didn't have to wait too long.
I couldn't be happier with UHC.
I do recommend it to a lot of friends and family members.
I would say (unclear) my call.
I couldn't have asked for better service person.
Need to be taken care of.
And I have done this twice.
However I think your voice quality or you know could be better.
Do I hang up now?.
And I would like to (unclear) we call about insurance.
I can't see why they can't call instead of having us to call them.
So they feel well I don't need it anymore.
that I get that's your new rule.
Well I guess you could of.
Told me that they do accept it.
So I can't tell you whether you should change anything.
You don't need to change anything.
commands that I wanted to know.
And I wouldn't have changed anything.
You got to take a dare my dear and also you got to learn how to swim.
(Unclear) you need to improve on.
I'm Maria Quebo and I cannot imagine or think of how you could help me better.
Did not need anything else.
To tell the truth I didn't even go on with the conversation.
No reason that you could improve.
I did not (unclear) that.
So if you can change that.
I think that once you commit to a tier on a drug you should hold it for a year.
I haven't spoke to anybody so I cannot finish my survey.
So I don't have clarification on that.
I never got to speak to anybody.
I would highly recommend him.
And I can't order until I have pricing.
I appreciate it when I get it but it's I have to pay for it.
And then I go for a different kind and then they tell me I can't get that.
I gotta go back to the kind that I had.
So somebody there needs to do better research.
For this I thank you.
So I would give a A plus.
I don't answer questions like that.
You take too much time to change doctors.
I hope you do too.
But I mean I did get it taken care of.
My only thought would be.
You could've given me someone who understood English a little better and I shouldn't have to talk to someone in Mexico that I have to keep.
So you could do better with that.
I just don't like having to hold on very long because I have so much to do.
I don't know of anything different but I'm just hoping that I get better.
Would you repeat please.
You did not cancel my plan.
I didn't have a chance to talk to anybody.
But you tend to never get to the right department.
they tell you exactly what you need to know.
I know we go through.
I know we can go through High Health Innovations.
I usually have time to.
I don't need to add anything.
I just don't know and I won't know until that happens.
Right now I can only give you a 9.
I hope this is.
And I think it will mine as well in the future.
So I highly recommend you give kudos and a good shout out to William.
Well I will know more.
I don't think you have to improve anything.
I'm sorry I didn't get that.
You should have more people like him.
So that would be the thing that I really would appreciate you're doing.
Sorry to have to say that.
So I think that might be.
And we would like more representative who speak Spanish.
So that's all I have to say.
Because I could barely hear your representative.
So I would say nothing.
I recommend you to my friends.
I just couldn't hear real well.
And I can't get anybody that says anything but if I.
So at this point you couldn't do anything better.
And I would highly recommend this insurance to anybody.
They said they would send them.
So I'm waiting to see if I actually get them or not.
So if I could kind of go from there (unclear).
Because I know it's not on her.
Because I don't make very much money a month.
Or else you have to have a lawyer look at it.
I wish I could talk to Justin each time I call.
So I don't know how to take it from here.
There's no way to really improve it.
The only thing I would say is that if you didn't have to switch lines so often.
I don't know if they were foreigners.
I should keep up with my (unclear).
I didn't even know I was ever going to get to that place.
I don't know what you would do more efficiently.
I need dental work and that's one thing I would really love.
But the blood couldn't really say until they get it in.
But we have to try again tomorrow.
You know when I.
I could have gotten help.
I would appreciate it if someway that could be corrected.
I don't even know where to start.
But I don't want you to waste your.
Nice and I have no.
But I do want to compliment Frankie.
And I wanna stay with youins.
But I am not going to be a customer anymore.
It didn't take long to do it.
And I would give her an A plus if I could.
She let me understand.
Or I really don't have an answer for that one.
I have no idea who I'm calling.
I really enjoy talking to them when I have a problem.
I think they need to be greatly condensed and organized in a better manner.
I would have liked to have.
I don't know how you could improve on it.
didn't have the contract or unfortunately I think they were surprised to learn they didn't have a contract.
You probably could have somebody help your customers who can actually help them.
I can't think that you could (unclear).
I didn't really think about what I was hearing.
I gotta start listening more often.
So I would say you need to treat everybody equally.
I got people I don't know from where and they were the worst.
I would give it a 10.
ways that you can improve.
You said I should be waiting.
But you need to let people know what's going on.
You need to let people know you have to do things.
I don't' know at this point.
So I couldn't have been happier.
Being disabled I can't really afford them.
You should be proud to have him.
I I can't really improve on it.
But you may want to try and get us into a representative a little bit quicker somehow.
I don't like the running around that I get when you call.
And I wouldn't make a complaint because there is none.
He didn't make me feel rushed.
he just I can't say anything.
So anyway you want to call me I'm Janice Keller.
Probably might need to be reassigned.
I wouldn't change a thing.
So that's about all I can say.
I guess I hang up.
So I would say nothing.
I need to speak with an agent please.
I don't think I need to change anything.
And I want to get (unclear) program after that.
You know I want to get in that.
Now who ever I get.
So I guess they just don't accept calls.
And I do give her 10.
And also also also hope she gets well.
And I really care I really care for you as well.
Easy to understand and people that speak English.
Just could not understand the girl.
I appreciate being able to talk to a representative right away.
Well you could have got my (unclear).
And I have to spend another 3800 because I've already.
Unless you want to pay for it.
I don't know what is available to do better and so I can't give guidance on that.
I don't know what you can do to improve customer service.
Well you didn't have to change the website.
My husband takes several and I always feel better when you check them.
So I think he should get an A plus.
You might even want to give him a raise.
exactly what would someone need to know to be fully informed about their coverage.
I would give them an A.
I would give her a raise.
We always every time we call we get somebody different.
I just research and try to (unclear) decide in which direction to go with.
So you just always have something to send.
So I can't say that I'm 100% until I hear the decision.
So you have all responded well.
I never get a person.
Don't know if you can.
I live too rural.
And I do not find your website friendly usey.
You could make the where you try to get who I am a lot easier.
But your process is very difficult to navigate and so you really could do way better.
The let me get it right.
Because I don't have my medicine and I'm trying to get it and I need to cancel you and I have to wait that long and it could really make a difference.
So if there's something that you can do in the future about that I would really appreciate it.
So I have to go online.
So I def would recommend you.
And now I find that I don't have coverage.
And you know I will be alright.
You should have more people like him.
I don't know at this time.
I mean I just don't understand why your the.
Then they can go and research you know things that they need to beyond that.
I pressed zero but I didn't sign no.
But I know how that goes.
So I don't understand that but okay.
I just can't say enough about her.
I recommend it to anyone.
I would appreciate it if we could get some better English speaking people.
I couldn't ask for anybody to be nicer.
I would rate it a 10 being the top.
You could learn how to spell medications that doctor's prescribe and help guide a patient to what he needs.
And I didn't have it in front of me.
You might want to say that in the out going message.
I always get my answers.
I don't see that I could get better service.
I should have gotten his name but I didn't.
I don't know at this point.
I can not tell you how happy and proud to be member of the preferred care.
Thank you and I will give to Michael hundred percent.
So I don't whether you have a technical problem or whether I have a speech impediment.
So I didn't get anything resolved.
The 2018 because I did not get one.
I'd like to commend him.
I can never ever end a call in less than an hour.
I don't know if Brian Thompson's old enough to go to school.
You could not give me the cost.
But I understand why you couldn't give me that.
well I shouldn't say that.
I don't understand this question.
I want my (unclear) back.
I have nothing to say because I am (unclear).
Sometimes I get some of your agents and they're.
(unclear) was perfect so I don't have (unclear).
I think the service is excellent and I will always be or stick with UHC.
I could have had better coverage but I don't so other than that it was great.
Next time maybe I won't have to be transferred so much.
So they need to know that.
And they guess or they think or occasionally they just admit they don't know.
And your employees should be able to help with that.
The only thing you could do is have acupuncture as a benefit.
You could have told me actually did I want to pay the 19 dollar I owe.
So I'm very disappointed to just see that.
I just don't make recommendations to people.
So I wouldn't recommend you because nobody ask and nobody has a choice.
So and I forgot her name so I can't even give you her name.
So I don't know what to improve.
I really like UHC.
I cannot find anything.
And thank you is what we can say to you.
I think you guys need to overlook.
I would do different.
It would be better if you didn't have to wait so long.
And I don't believe that it helps.
I could not have asked for a better treatment.
I would just say keep it up.
You just always are very great and I would just give you 4's all across the board.
I wouldn't make it no different.
I hope I get him every time.
that I have to call back to make.
I guess I would like a more.
And I would like to have that in your menus.
I give it a 4.
You have to do something about those gaps.
And I would like to have help if someone could call me.
What I would like to do is recognize the employee number XXXXXXX.
I don't think you need to change anything.
I'll have to say this because I don't have a key pad.
I don't think you could go to any further lengths to you know.
I want to make a record of my previous call.
They should all be like her.
So I have to call them.
I couldn't have asked for more service.
And you know what (unclear).
And so and I don't think I should.
I can't ask for nothing no better.
I don't like to be on hold and nobody don't come back.
I give him kudos and if I knew who I needed to call to get this gentleman a pay raise I most definitely would.
I could not believe it.
I couldn't have asked for a more polite person.
I don't appreciate being cutoff.
I wanna tell you how to improve your.
And I hope she gets a raise.
I couldn't have asked for better service.
And I know I have problems but I can hear most everything but they just want to get it over with.
The people are very nice and everything but I just can't understand them and so I probably would give the wrong answers.
Well up to this moment I don't see in how you can improve.
If you don't know the answer say I do not know.
The one thing would be provide me with (unclear) that we can afford.
And I didn't even totally hear that first question.
I can only hope that they will call me.
I would suggest that going forward all of your different departments share information.
Can someone please call me back.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I could not understand the agent.
I don't know why I tried three times and it didn't work.
As of now I don't feel nothing at all.
I enjoy talking to you.
I wish you would find out who that was and fire them.
I wouldn't put nothing else in there.
I wish I could tell her all the time.
That's what I have to say.
I hope it's helpful.
Please have somebody call me.
And I will have to find figure out what to do next.
And see if they get coverage.
And I didn't get any information.
I can't understand them.
I'll never get it.
So anyway that's about all I can say.
I don't really think I could improve it.
I should be paying higher.
So you guys really need to look in to some things and get everything cleared out.
And I would be happy with you guys again.
So I don't think anything needs to be improved.
I could understand her.
I would say you know what if I was the boss I would give her a raise and keep her around.
It's not available for anybody and I guess I wanted to explore a few other options but I can call back and that's it.
And I wouldn't change a thing with her knowledge and kindness.
I wouldn't have to wait very long that's all.
No improvements needed that I can see thank you.
If you have any questions feel free to let me know.
else he could do.
I can't say enough about him.
I couldn't have had a better representative to talk to me.
I might have pushed wrong.
So I guess follow up.
This is a great organization and I would never ever change.
I know that you are (unclear) and so I have to just obey them.
But it's okay because I didn't know what to ask and you couldn't answer.
I don't know if other people have mentioned this problem but I know I have at least twice before.
I don't even want to think about it.
I didn't have to wait too long.
So I have no recommendations on how you can improve upon that.
So I just trying to understand some of the benefits.
It was my error that I don't have the dates which you people need and I will get them.
I don't know if we're able to return to Silver Sneakers.
I did not get anything.
I didn't have to wait on the line.
I couldn't put it in just one thing.
And I don't know why it does that.
You should be able to do this online.
I didn't even have to wait to listen to the music.
I would recommend them to anyone.
I didn't have to wait for.
I just could not understand her words.
I couldn't understand her dialect.
I wouldn't change anything.
I could not have asked for a better representative of your company.
And I would say you don't have to improve anything.
If you have any questions you can call me.
That I would appreciate immensely.
I couldn't ask for nothing better.
I give it a 10 plus.
That's my only thing that I would prefer.
But since you don't have 13 so we stick with 10.
She could not understand me.
I didn't get a definite answer on whether (unclear) would accept your.
I like that okay.
At this time I don't know.
So at this time I don't know.
But I think I'll change it and have it direct.
you know taken out.
But I got blessed today and you be sure to have a good safe weekend.
Well I didn't experience anything this time.
I don't know what nationality she was.
But I could not understand anything the poor little thing said.
I don't want to get her in trouble but please get someone that I that people can understand.
But other than that I mean that's something I would say to anybody.
I don't think you could improve on any at all.
I mean you guys could pay my bills.
I forgot her name and I couldn't believe (unclear).
Not have to call at all.
But I see that when you have under.
But I would guess so because I pay a premium.
So I don't get (unclear).
I would give her 10's in everything.
I would give him a 4 or a 5.
So I go straight to 0 to get a representative.
If I had.
I just want to let you know that Keanon.
So I think your people need to be trained a little more.
I would promote Angel.
No need to do anything.
I wish you could have been higher than four.
I would have preferred the.
I could not have asked for better service.
So I think maybe a streamlined process would help matters (unclear).
So I think you need to look into that.
I would recommend Ricardo to anybody.
I would like to have had a little more person (unclear).
So they need to be able to explain to them you know.
I wish one page summary will.
The only thing I think you can do is give Crystal a raise.
I don't understand the question.
That could be places online I am sure seamlessly.
I encourage please do something about passport.
I couldn't get any better help thank you.
So that I could understand it.
So fix that up so I can just speak to her.
I think you want me to push a button or something.
So that's all I have to say.
I don't like it personally.
And then when I call and say why isn't this covered.
I was satisfied you don't have to do anything else.
I couldn't improve on (unclear) at all.
I don't think you all could improve.
And so I can understand that.
Well I always say this.
So I would definitely fine tune that part of the process.
I didn't have to do anything.
The one thing you could do better is come up with a better way to rate.
You don't have to do anything to change it.
So I don't know why they're trying to contact two doctors.
And I don't think you can improve the service that I had today.
who I have to call.
I wouldn't change it.
It doesn't seem to understand very well.
I don't know if you need it or not but-.
Maybe you could fix that.
I have to call 5 times so far.
I didn't have to wait only maybe one minute.
Please answer the customer and not make them irritated because you do not want to answer them.
So I haven't been able to do it online.
I haven't been able to do it myself and I've had to depend on people who never call me back and never respond.
I didn't have to wait or anything like that.
So I didn't quite understand are there other things or not.
I don't see why you would not be able to have Colorado as a passport state.
I would like that explained.
I hope that (unclear) correspondence be in Spanish.
I can only tell you I can give that a number four also.
I wouldn't change anything.
I don't know why I received this letter.
So I wonder why I keep getting this letter every year.
I will have to try again on Monday.
I don't understand why we couldn't have gotten it right off the bat.
But it's not corrected yet so I have to wait and see.
Completely satisfied customer should just have to push one number.
I hate those machines.
They can only show me what their computer says.
I don't like to complain anything.
I will highly recommend him.
I will call again Monday.
I wish you would have made it better.
I would like less copays.
You might just do some checking on it and see if you have any other you know recommendations on it.
And I also tell other seniors about it.
I didn't really get the answer I needed so I'll try what they say and call back next week.
I know you probably have no control over that.
So I just say yes a ten.
Maybe she doesn't have access to that.
Couldn't ask for much better.
And also I know to change physicians but he will help me handle this issue.
And I'll make sure everybody that I know understands why.
I just appreciate that I don't have to press a lot of numbers to get to a representative that I can get to one right away.
I just think that my doctor's name could have been found somewhere.
I think you need to have a little more care in how that could be done.
I don't know what that means.
I just get different answers from everybody.
I need to speak to an American.
I'd have to think about it.
I just think the letters you mail out can be very confusing.
I don't have a problem with the help that I received.
I couldn't ask for better.
I have to see the doctors and see how I feel.
