Made the medication that the doctor ordered more affordable so I could use it.
The only thing you could've done better was to have paid 100% of the shingles vaccination that I was inquiring about.
He told me what he thought they have done the billing department of my doctor who's done wrong.
everything worked out and not only am I going to get a prescription I didn't have a doctor's fax number but I think his name was James is going to contact the doctor's office and have them fax over the prescription that I need.
Now that I've been approved for the (unclear) medication for my eyes.
The one thing you could have done better on the call is I've tried to change my doctor.
I have a nurse practitioner on my listing and her boss who's a doctor is not on your list.
Just to have my prescriptions approved without having to do prior authorization and going through different aspects just to get what I need.
Actually nothing the gentlemen that I just spoke to was excellent he called the doctors office for me to make sure they took the plan.
I was told I could go to any urgent care facility and UHC would take care of it.
My new medication is tier 3 and still I keep getting these letters.
I got a list of doctors and then discovered that some of the doctors weren't on the plan so I guess you could have an update of who's on the plan.
I think UHC should have taken a better interest in my affair about my illness and gotten to it immediately because I am in dire need of help.
I just had surgery and I think they should have taken better care and interest in it.
We figured it out but it took some time to make sure we were talking about the same medications and co pays.
I wasn't allowed to make changes with my husband's insurance the primary doctor.
I would love to just be able to get my referrals done better.
I decided to hang up and I've got Jared and he's looking into vascular surgeons for me in the counties of Jefferson Columbia or Rock in Wisconsin.
I am waiting to find a physician for my primary care.
You gave me a non existing doctor and number and I want it corrected.
I had to get a eye doctor.
Whether the doctor contacted the insurance company or not was unclear because we don't know what the if the prior authorization was needed.
Probably need more communication with the doctor to be able to finish this process.
The injection I called for is covered but it would not let me find that out on the website.
So you know maybe a bigger selection would've been more palatable for me 'cause I was trying to stay away from the highly priced one and the other substitute you had had caused leg pain for me before.
However my problem is talking to the doctor who has to talk to the hospital.
I had a hard time trying to lookup doctors under a certain specialty and that could be improved on.
what the doctor needed to do.
Good help I got everything taken care of.
I called about what Medicare would do about a certain situation.
Best equipped to help me of the four people with whom I've spoken at UHC or Medicare Complete over the last couple of weeks.
Yes I called about the same issue a month (unclear) take care of.
Letting me know that I needed to pay the dental insurance.
My health club seems to have asked or seems to say that I need a 16-digit number for my Optum health free health club access and your very nice lady said that may have been with Silver Sneakers but with Optum it is not 16 digits so I got that number and I'm hoping that when I take this to the health club is it acceptable.
So you disapproved my current medication and suggested another one.
So after getting drugs changed prescriptions changed by my pharmacy you have now told me I need to change it again.
This is your error and basically I needed a reduced amount of the drug that you allow.
So I can take a higher dose and you cover it.
The only thing that could've been better is if I had been told I didn't have to have a referral to go for some mental health counseling but I guess you know the plan I have says I do have to have a referralo so I will ge3t it taken care of.
The one thing I'm having problems getting a refill of medications that I use.
Been very hard to contact Optum Rx and I've just had a lot of problems.
I found out that my husband cannot get his drugs for his eyes and now he is on a tier 3 drug that would cost 444 dollars.
I just wanted to confirm that I was correct so I asked her to put on the chart that I had called to confirm that the x-rays have a zero copayment for each Medicare covered standard x-ray.
I'm going to try to find one of the doctors that she recommended.
So I have been on the phone today trying to find a medication that I can use.
I'm told that I'm going to have to wait 7 to 10 days for my 7 to 10 days for my insurance to work.
So I'm somewhat satisfied that I got a medication that may work in the meantime but it's for my breathing.
I asked a question whether doctor a certain doctor was covered under this clinic but he works with another doctor and you know I didn't get a definitive answer.
A resolution for a physician in your network online it says he was and then I had claims denied.
They covered it and I now require prior auth.
Well the little girl that I talked to did I was requiring about (unclear) flex 10 insulin flex 10 and she didn't know a whole lot about it.
She couldn't tell me how much it would be she told me the price that I would have to pay but she couldn't tell me how many doses is in the pen or anything.
So I got to go back to the doctor but I guess that can't be helped.
I have never been dissatisfied when I've called United Healthcare.
When I called to change my primary care doctor.
(Unclear) could've covered my prescription that I really needed today.
Other than not having to call to try to get my medicine approved everything has been very good.
I wish I could get a call from someone from my UHC that can explain why this problem has come up.
It took me two calls to find out who in my area would be a GYN doctor in network.
I didn't need the codes because of the type of procedure it was.
Because I was talking to a representative about me getting a new ID medical card from United Health and they just cut off (unclear) talking to her.
I am my daughter's representative payee and they couldn't completely discuss everything I needed because UHC did not have me down as that.
(Unclear) needed to get my prescriptions taken care of.
Well this is the second or the third time that I called for a referral and the two last times or the previous times that I called they told me that they didn't have anyone in my area that I needed to change a doctor.
Which I thought it was kind of ridiculous and this time I called this guy and he referred me to a doctor that I need to take to my own doctor and find out if it's going to work or not.
I usually leave three in there for emergency medication refill.
I'll run over and get another prescription.
I'll have to call back to get my rewards after I've made my doctor visit.
I just didn't expect my prescription that I've gotten for years to be rejected.
When I signed up for this insurance I should've been provided with all doctors in network.
The only thing that would have helped I was calling about hospice care and they noted that it has to be Medicare certified.
If they could have given me more information about how to determine whether a hospice is Medicare certified or not that would have helped but not critical.
I just wish that this dental thing was more solvable than what they think it is because when our dentist calls they just can't seem to find my husband's name in there or anything.
However since UHC could not pay for my shot my shingles shot it had to go through SilverScript.
The only thing you could've done better is to have lower copays on the medication.
I went to an appointment today for (unclear) colonscopy and (unclear) at the appointment that my local hospital is not in network.
I got a letter telling me that my primary care doctor was not part of your (unclear) network any longer and he is.
And I'm not sure and this and I got a new card for a doctor that's hundreds of miles away from me.
One thing that would be good is to have a way for the members to lobby Congress to have Medicare pay at least partially for the Shingles vaccine because that can be a dreaded disease for older people.
You could have notified me a long time ago that we were going in the wrong my doctor was going in the wrong direction as far as getting my authorizations.
Nothing really she helped me and explained it where I understood my deductible and the different tiers of drugs.
I just wondered if I'm able to get prescription sunglasses with my $300 credit to get new glasses.
It seems like only regular glasses are covered and I do need prescription sunglasses right now instead of my regular lens because the sun is very harsh on my eyes.
So I wanted to know if I could get prescription sunglasses which I've been wearing for years and now I haven't had a new pair in 4 years so I want to get new prescription sunglasses rather than regular lens.
I guess just approve the denial of my knee surgery because I'm really stowed up.
So I don't know what's gonna come of the refill on my medicine.
The only thing is we couldn't find an urgent care for me to go to so it looks like I have to go to an emergency room.
You would think there'd be an urgent care in my area that I could go to.
trying to find an urgent care for me but she couldn't find an urgent care.
she also had somebody else try to find an urgent care and couldn't find an urgent care for me.
I got to go to the emergency room right now.
I'm hoping it can be resolved so I can have better medical care.
receive (unclear) care which is why I want to return to my former dermatologist who was not in your network.
I need to get my prescription.
I'm going out of town and I'm unable to get my prescription now.
Since I moved I had to change from an HMO to a PPO.
You could've covered the medication that I need for my husband.
He did everything he could do and well I'm not done with it yet because there's a few things I need to discuss with my doctor and get the proper paperwork over to United.
Nothing at this point because what's being asked by this particular Department of Neurology for the (unclear) Medicine they had questions that y'all would not be able to answer.
Covered different kinds of treatment because I would like to go to a doctor who has a masters degree in acupuncture and oriental medicine.
I need to go back to the doctors office and I completely understand why that is.
I called regarding a prescription that had a refill I had called in I had sent in on email and had received a reply that it had been that it was received and nothing more and it's been like ten well over a week and when I called in the people I spoke to were very helpful but what they told me was that the order had been canceled because the medicine was long term out of stock.
Acknowledged and paid the claim when it was submitted by the doctor's office so that I didn't have to get involved and confirm that I do have coverage.
I was trying to get reimbursed for glassed for cataract surgery and the provider that I went with Provision said that they were Medicare approved.
When I filed the forms with UHC they were denied because I was told Provision is not in their list.
They just weren't sure what the reference number meant for a new doctor procedure.
They helped me change my PCP doctor and that's what I needed.
I would liked to have known better information if I was going to have to see a specialist or a regular doctor though I guess you can't figure that out (unclear).
But then they call me you call them back and (unclear) so they wouldn't ask me again (unclear) to know that I was in the hospital and now I'm trying to recover from my surgery and they're calling me asking me about (unclear).
They should call because I gave them all my Medicare information before I had my surgery.
I don't think there the we have got to call the doctor and have the doctor to call back so she probably did everything that she could have done.
I needed to find a doctor and it appears I have to call this doctor and tell them how to bill my insurance.
I've had to pay 100 some dollars for the Tamilfu and now they want $180 for this Shingles vaccine.
I had another company Aetna and it was just a lot easier.
But I think my prescriptions will be covered next month.
Well the representative did everything that they could do but they couldn't get through to a doctor for.
I can't say that anything could have been done better except I would not have to have such high copays but your representative Angela was very informative very kind.
could be given at the drug store or the doctor's office to not get this horrible disease.
the shingles and it would save on hospitalization for anyone that gets shingles so bad.
I wasn't intending to but I asked about an allergy pill and she gave me all the things about the tier 1 and tier 3.
I only take blood pressure pills a cholesterol pill is all I take and a baby aspirin.
Sent me out an accurate drug list earlier so I would have known that's my medication was covered by UHC.
I tried 5 months with them and not received a thing.
And I've been getting a lot of bills from different doctors and I'm sorry to say I went with somebody else.
When I'm having trouble with all the California laws which are preventing my 91 year old mother who can't breathe from seeing her doctor for one month.
I need to find what has happened to (unclear) authorization in order to make an appointment or to be able to keep an appointment in a few days and I don't have any way to do that other than call the prior authorization (unclear).
Kelly the UHC rep was outstanding she even called the medical provider's office and spoke with the people who handle the insurance claims.
But we haven't given up Kelly told me to call back once I leave the medical provider's office in 2 weeks.
But I called there the other day for the same information and I got a few doctors that were not in your plan and so I don't know how that could be helped.
When they call and leave you a message or call you and say they have a Rx prescription ready for you.
Do you want it refilled they should tell you the name of the drug because some drugs you want to have them refilled and some you don't.
The doctor may have dropped it from me and they don't know and I think it would work a whole lot better if Optum Rx would add that to their menu when they call someone.
(Unclear) cut out my medications and the least they could have done is dropped me a note and let me know what's going on.
There's nothing you can do better because your representative told me that genetic testing would be covered by UHC.
It was very confusing to be transferred to the Optum Rx site I spoke to a total of 5 different people today regarding my issue.
Just double check to make this sure doctors is on my particular program or position as far as that I'm trying to get a appointment with Doctor Blackburn ever since December of last year and still never got to see him.
I had to make this phone call because someone from UHC in error first told my dentist that he was not in network period.
I was trying to look for the Optum Health ID whatever that things called.
I was told that I was eligible for all of the eye exam the diabetes which would be the A1C the annual physical the colon screening and the breast cancer only to find out that my profile says that I'm not eligible for the diabetes A1C or the breast cancer.
I've had a lot of rejections on my medications as of late.
One thing you could have done better was paid my hospital bill.
I signed up for UHC and I still haven't received my cards.
I was calling to get help with a medication costs and although I was given several medicines that would be hopefully in a lower tier.
So I wish I could find out when I call (unclear) they could tell me what the cost would be on the plan for the various medication.
So now she's trying to get me some referrals for my liver sonogram and that's been an issue because of her.
Oh the one thing might have been that a person called me from UHC gave her number and her extension to update my medical information.
And I'm told at 6 O'clock that I'm having a problem getting my medication because it's the insurance fault when it's not.
I have spoke to a Latarrel a lady she was very kind and I had some problems with billing for a CT chest scan or a chest x-ray for a CT scan.
I got colonoscopy scheduled but the specialist he charges me 30 dollars co-pay.
I went there for colonoscopy consultation.
the physical therapist I need and want is not in your network and now I have to try to get him in there by calling Life Point Prints so I'm frustrated.
And in this case with the doctor requesting it and I've had a history of issues related to my feet and I explained that today that could been evaluated and it save me the time and trouble to go back to a doctor to have the doctor do it again.
My lungs and had back surgery rheumatoid arthritis and I'm dealing with depression and anxiety and I'm by myself.
you won't be able to go to the doctor.
doctors ordered me to take.
Yes what you could've done better for me was when I talk to someone about a month ago or so five weeks ago I had bought an electric cart 'cause the doctor said I needed one and I had a prescription for it.
I've had four heart attacks and a stroke and I don't need this kind of extra (unclear).
I've always had the best service from UHC and I just want you to know that.
She explained everything that I wanted to know about home health care and out of home health care for physical therapy.
There were two of them and the one I called they told me that they didn't take my insurance so I called back and I got the name of Gynecologists in the Saint Louis area because that means I'll be driving over there which is okay.
I would've like to have the price of a drug that I was inquiring about.
And I will be calling this doctor for my appointment.
It's not that I wanted to change doctors I had enrolled at a new health care center that demanded I use their doctors which was fine with me.
But I was going to my regular physician which is with family doctors in Denton.
And that was very very disappointing because I was assured from the paperwork that you all sent us I'm a retiree of Verizon and I could not get into my doctor that I had made an appointment with and I did not know that until I went in because this is the first time I'm going to the doctor in 2018.
But as far as what the representative did she arranged to get me with one of the doctors that does accept your insurance plan UHC group advantage PPO.
If I knew I had to go to my primary care physician up front it would've been helpful.
I don't know of anything other than just being able to go ahead and be able to get the medicine for me.
I just had a conversation with your pharmacy department and one of your customer service reps.
The representative she's very kind but I'm still waiting to get my medicine my antibiotic.
And so I can move on with our prescription coverage here.
I was calling in regards to diabetic supplies that are available through my insurance and I am a retired pharmacist so I'm familiar very familiar with the products used for glucose testing.
Made sure that the physicians who I was given as being in the network were actually because out of multiple names none of them accepted the insurance and that was a problem.
I was asking for an acupuncturist which is a kind of difficult thing.
But in the past I've called numerous times usually about a prescription and it always takes two or three transfers to get to the right person.
And I feel when a patient has use the doctor.
She found the information and actually called the clinic that I was looking to go to to confirm that they took the insurance so in my mind she went above and beyond.
Well I got the power of attorney they let my father spend a month with giving me a hard time even though they took my payment and I was able to change the plan for him while he was at the hospital.
I am extremely worried that he's not covered and he was in the hospital he's still in the hospital to rehabilitation right now and they could only cover Medicare only cover 20 days and you guys are supposed to pick up so he can spend the rest of his time so he can get the clot out of his legs doing physical therapists.
Today was the first time he representative has not been that helpful it requires contacting my doctor's office I think and since she has a 48 hour limit and she's not working tomorrow which is Friday that would put it into Monday so she called for the my primary care physician but he usually it says do not leave a message on this line but she left a message anyway.
At this point I have no complaints and it's just the procedure (unclear) updating prescription plan.
Eric has been very helpful and I wish I had known in advanced that I had to pay this extra money 'cause the plan I was using was canceled when I was out of my medication and now I'm working with no medication and I need it for my high blood pressure but the agent.
Let me talk to someone in the finance department so that I can get a dollar figure and not just the percentage of the cost of radiation treatments.
She gave me all the information I needed and once I get to see my doctor he will approve it and then I will just call whatever medical supply person that will provide me the machine and then I am taken care of.
And so we're going to stay with the company for our dental insurance and we appreciate him being he was very patient.
I got a Walmart reward card for going for my wellness checkup also for my husband.
It might've taken her a little less time on hold but I don't believe that was she had to check with my provider in Missouri so I don't believe that was actually her fault or she could've done anything to correct it.
No one I spoke to previously was aware of the fact that my husband would be entitled to physical therapy at no cost (unclear) home healthcare.
A written copy would be great and doctors in my general local.
I wish they could have just straightened it out and carried me on and not have to start a whole new application for a Rx plan.
I'm not sure if I can identify one thing I guess it depends on the medication that my pharmacy is trying to release to me and the care level on it.
I was requesting how much it costs for me to be on the allergy shots with my (unclear).
Anyway I'm experience extreme allergy problems and I'm gonna end up going to the emergency room a lot.
Which seems to me would cost the insurance company a lot more than providing the allergy shots which would prevent me from being allergic to number one item lately was dogs.
But the doctor that does the procedure is not covered.
So now I have to cancel up Endoscopy and reschedule with a doctor that kind of maybe does go to this facility.
I had to request someone in the United States from Optum Rx to get the problem resolved.
I guess cover my eye care in terms of glasses.
I am just totally confused and would appreciate if somebody would call me back and explain to me what this MABP prescription reimbursement request form how I need to fill it out.
I was trying to find out if the doctor up in Pennsylvania where we come from took UHC.
They take UHC but she didn't know if it was a plan so I was just checking to see if the other doctor up there is in your.
That way in case we travel up there then we know we got a doctor in that area if we decide to go up there for a couple weeks or so.
I got this insurance because I knew the hospitals in my area.
So I think my problem that I really have is at the drugstore and not with my insurance plan.
Just giving me the authorization to go forward and get the medication and the prescription filled that I need.
It's been frustrating trying to get this procedure authorized.
I just hope that the physical therapist they sent me will take me and can see me within the next 24 hours.
And that's why I was hoping there'd be some alternative which she did give me one alternative so I will check with my doctor on that.
insulin pump they were talking about before.
I have to call doctors to check if United Healthcare is on their plan.
I was just checking covered preventatives to see what was covered under prevention.
my issues were taken care of.
Get the information like there's doctor that you have for a primary care physicians sped up for new patients or going to a (unclear) choosing a doctor.
They told me that my dental work is going to be covered and I got to go to the bathroom I'm sorry.
My only thing is I did not realize that when I went for a mammogram that I didn't have an obligation to pay the amount of money that in this case advanced radiology was asking for.
Well I don't think you could did any better for me today because you answered the questions that I needed since I was a new enrollee in the plan.
I should not have to call Optum RX every quarter when I order pills.
She is mailing me the information that I needed but it would I mean this has nothing to do with her but I would recommend that yearly and the books that you send out that you send a wellness test list in your books.
Oh the United Health rep (unclear) the efforts to get me the medication I needed it was the best efforts I have ever seen done by any medical insurance company.
Right on the report on the representative I talked to I received a survey for Medicare and Social Security.
Always got it and always got it clearly from United Healthcare.
Have more access to specific physicians and what they do the category seems to be extremely large and if that could be broken down into you know smaller divisions for the doctors as in if you're looking for hand surgeon not have to go through plastic surgeons too.
I was told that the wellness visit would include some blood work but they didn't know exactly what blood work when went to the doctor yesterday he said no there's no blood work connected with it.
Well actually you could've done better with having the doctor that my doctor had prescribed me to go to these are specialists and neither one of them are in the network which is really bad.
You could make it possible for every dentist to belong to in other words to use your plan (unclear).
Kevin was very good he spent a lot of time had a lot of information for me and he going to find some place that I can go and it's gonna cost me less money for my diabetic shoes.
It would have been nice to know whether the surgery or hospital stay was going to be approved.
The surgery is May 15th and I was told a decision hadn't been made yet and I think you can probably understand my dad's very anxious about making sure that that happens before the surgery so that he can go forth with that.
So I don't have to call you every 3 months to get it taken care of thank you.
For example I just paid a chiropractor for one visit.
You'd realize what you pay a psychiatrist as opposed to a therapist.
somebody picked up the phone and hung up on me twice today and another lady was supposed to look at my medication because they haven't sent it to me yet and this is the experience I have.
The only thing that could have been better my doctor has prescribed a medicine call Propromyacin and it's 240 milligrams nebulae and it seems like when I talked to the very nice woman that I talked to there's only 300 milligrams so I don't know where the gap is.
And that's you know my question why the 240 milligrams is not listed and I guess that dosage that I need.
Solved my problem with not paying my chiropractors which I needed.
This was the second letter about a doctor who I no longer have and have not had for since 2000.
The reason I gave a low score on one of those was that I your automated system said they were going to send me the medical supplies and equipment and then ended up sending me to the Rx group and that's the reason I gave it a low score or a mixed score so that's the only thing.
Continue to provide the excellent service that I get when I have to call United Healthcare.
I think I had my medication straightened and now I should be getting them like I'm supposed too.
I was just calling regarding a referral from my primary care she had written one with the end of 2017.
It's just that I guess my plan has urgent care as $35 when a specialist is only $20 or a family doctor (unclear) and ER is 65.
Because after I call about ten times for the same reason for the dental coverage I was told that I was not covered because I live in another county.
And he know it that yes I could go to the dentist and use it two times a year for my cleaning and the one time a year for incase I need an X-ray because I have a cavity.
Covered the one doctor that we needed to see under (unclear) psychology doctor there are none listed under your plan.
I just wish that UHC was at a more accessible hospital to go and have that cataract surgery done instead of once in a month as opposed to 4 times at another hospital.
The only thing that I would say could be improved is that you (unclear) need to know what hospitals the doctors were connected with or say from the hospital what doctors are listed (unclear) in your programs.
Other than I wish UHC would give me more coverage for medications.
Being more specific as to how to get (unclear) care for my mom.
And she told me something that I didn't know I get an eye exam for you know didn't have to pay because I never had one.
We were only changing the primary doctor for my husband.
So I will follow up on her instructions and that was to contact my primary care physician concerning a script to go get my eyes checked.
I was explained that I should have gone to a certain doctor but that as never explained to me.
I've had this doctor for 12 years and I was told just to go there and then the company would pay for it.
They're patient and listen to my problems and I get information that I couldn't get otherwise.
I didn't have nay problems with the call I'm having a problem with United not covering my drugs and they knew what drugs I took originally when I joined.
I wish that you all had a case management that could me out to find medical doctors to go to.
Everything went well just that I have a wait period to get a new doctor as my primary care.
I am finding that I've been informed that as of 4 days ago certain doctors have been but yet some are still not showing up.
She was unable to locate my primary care doctor and so therefore we could not solve anything.
I'm just disgusted today from trying to get in and get a prescription.
I think (unclear) my doctor request (unclear) a medication that you've been filling out for years for me.
Contacting doctors and informing me of my benefits clearly so I understood it.
Just make things easier especially the forms that my doctors have to fill out to try and get tier exceptions on the medications or approvals or anything like that on medications.
they say that it's not clear on the forms how to fill them out the best help us to try and get the medications that we need.
My primary care doctor left the area and I have a new one.
I think it's just a misunderstanding on my part and I should've went to my doctor about it.
But if I go to a local pharmacy because I've run out of the medication.
To try to make an appointment with one of the doctors referred that I need.
So I was not covered by Medicare.
Been more concerned and helped me be a little more directed at this issue I'm having with a new medication which I got none of.
The problem was the prescription refill was dated way after he was supposed to have been done using the medicine.
And there wasn't enough medicine to use through the whole time the doctor prescribed.
The one thing you could've done better in the case of my prescription was to let the doctor know that it would not be covered by the insurance in some ways.
So there ought to be someway that I could say yes or no ahead of time or let the doctor know that it wouldn't be covered when the prescription was taken in.
Other than the acupuncture doctor that I went to is in the system but I wasn't very happy with his services.
I did not receive a book that's on the medication and the lady is going to be sending me one now.
I just need to know how I'm gonna get this hundred and fifty dollars for my eye surgery.
And it turns out that my drug originally was covered kind of.
Finally the woman I just spoke with here at Optum excuse me at UHC was able to give me information saying that it was covered in error the first time.
But the UHC people without any exception from the first day I ever called have been incredibly helpful knowledgeable able to answer my question every single time.
I think in the 80's when I was self employed I took out insurance.
Yes I think the communication to find out if a procedure needs to be taken care of right away making sure that the physician and the insurance company are on the same line here.
We it's been quite a while and the wait time is unusually long to wait for a procedure so I suggest that the physician and insurance companies have better communication.
I was looking for some doctors for some information on new doctors and they as usual skipped through all the steps to find the doctors that I was interested in because I had the doctor's name and usual they were their service was excellent.
Well it would've been helpful if you at UHC had sent me a message stating that I needed my doctor to send the referral for me to get the vision care.
Now I'm having trouble getting my prescriptions which I need to have for high blood pressure.
Tell me earlier that my doctor isn't enrolled with you guys again.
but the people that I called before said my medicine was covered but now it's not.
I wish I had a better information on the (unclear) vaccination.
I should have been informed that I needed to change my drug program.
So it would not have cost me the 12 70 that I had to pay just to be covered under a drug plan for this month.
And now I am broke as h*** and that's not the drug I would have gotten if I was going to get a tier 3 drug.
I've been getting mine and she you know it's difficult when I go to the doctor with her and she doesn't have her information.
I was being charged thirty five dollars by our primary care physician at that time and I just wanted to verify that he was doing it incorrectly and I have verified that.
There was a little problem between the message to the pharmacy from whatever department that is that tells them how much that medication was.
The representative just wasn't aware of the dental coverage's that I have in my plan and I didn't really find out anything.
I am just having trouble finding a medication that we can afford for my husband.
She wasn't sure what was covered and actually did give me a number for the eye care company.
I was disappointed that the dental coverage doesn't cover implants.
I need to go the emergency room but I didn't want to go to the wrong place and not have it covered under the insurance.
I would have liked for you to change my doctor because my primary doctor is (unclear) say that you can't do it.
I shouldn't have to go I want to go to my own doctor instead of (unclear).
And it's seems to be I have to go to different areas or different sites to find doctors.
And I ask for you know a list of different kind of doctor like a cardiologist and it seemed like it they have two or three different sites where they have to go and it should just be made easier for the associates.
I've had problems with Optum and my prescription drugs frequently actually.
I was just calling to confirm that the medication was covered and it was and it's going to be much better for me.
I guess on prescriptions for the non formulary that they be provided with more information.
I'm waiting for reimbursement and I had to borrow the money to get the medicine and she came back with the answer that it would be 6 to 8 weeks.
You could make things clearer in your dental rider that you cannot go to any dentist you want.
Well I've been trying to get home delivery for my medication and like I said they could have gotten back with me to let me know they still having a problem because I had to decide to call back and then find out that they haven't received anything from the doctor.
I found the information easy to work with I found the person was wonderful to talk with and I will have to check on the availability and the (unclear) of the doctor that's given to me for my particular needs as of now.
I ask for a primary care replacement that's all.
But like I said most of the things that I receive from UHC come to the right address.
The only thing is sometimes maybe you have very communication between (unclear) and the pharmacy doesn't update only have to make phone call to your company to set up some prescriptions.
But so everything is fine now except this nurse did not give me the medicine (unclear) give it to you in the morning (unclear).
I need (unclear) another nurse to give me the medicine.
And I'm sick and tired of Optum Rx not getting my prescriptions to me.
The doctor that I'm wanting to use has been has applied to be in is in your system.
But you're not able to put her as my primary doctor due to something.
Even though it says she's in the system they can't use her as my primary doctor.
It is extremely difficult to find a dentist on a website when you call up and find out that your insurance program isn't covered by that dentist.
I've just undergone major heart surgery and he has put me at ease.
You could have notified me earlier that this insurance was dropped with my primary care doctor was dropped.
I was trying to get authorization for a blood pressure machine and they say I have to be on home dialysis to get that and I don't understand that.
It's now up to me and my doctor to figure out the answer to this problem.
Was trying to get insurance switched.
Purpose of my call was to find out about when I received an invoice which was completely satisfied but also part b was to find out exactly what my drug cost would be in regards to my deductible as to whether I'd be able to get the meds cheaper elsewhere which does appear that I will be able to (unclear) initial meds that I take.
had to talk to the doctor so I'm waiting for a reply but he was great customer service.
I could use help if someone could call me back with the health assessment so I can get it entered into your UHC.
I had claims that were denied from a year ago because when Wellmed and UHC switched their systems the doctor's claim fell through the cracks period.
The one thing you can do better is to put more physicians to make it more appealing for physicians to take your plan.
I am still unable to get my prescription filled even though I'm running out of blood pressure medicine.
I just had an answer to one question that the representative wasn't all that familiar with was about the advanced care whether you know the advanced care plan whether all doctors that he goes to can use that advanced care plan or whether just one doctor can do it which is 30 minutes or 20 minutes a month that they take care of that person's advanced card.
I wanted to ask about how much prescription because I thought I had a zero on the zero prescription when I picked it up and instead of just waiting for the mail order.
Every time I've spoken to someone from UHC they are outstanding helpful.
And I can even call back and decide to add more coverage if I need to.
She went out of her way to help me and get me some dentists that are in the plan.
the pharmacy was given the incorrect information while I was waiting for my prescription.
To lower the deductible a little bit so that I can actually get the drugs I need.
Explained something to the hospital staff evidently this problem is caused by them misunderstanding about authorization.
You should keep my doctor in my network.
A quicker finding of the doctor to give the okay for my (unclear) me to for insurance to cover.
Still had dental care that's it thank you.
(Unclear) United Health trying to find doctors who take new patients (unclear) eleven people doctors to trying to find a new doctor and there were some issues and again today my representative was wonderful we found a doctor but it's very frustrating.
It's just really hard and I had a difficult time with United Health working with that so I don't know how you correct it but that needs to be something for you to help older people find a doctor.
I give her five stars as far as patience communication skills ability to understand and put herself in my position in regard to trying to resolve some issues or claims in regard to my medical benefits.
There's really nothing more that UHC could help me with in my phone call.
I had requested because we live so close to the Alabama line a provider directory excuse me I'm trying to cough I'm trying not to and for Alabama doctors.
I mean Tramatholin and I don't have any Tramadol at all for my back haven't had it for over 2 months.
But I have received next steps to work with my doctor on getting the exception.
I had no resolution of how to escalate my issue for not getting my drugs.
She called to verify to make sure that they were taking new patients so that I didn't have to keep calling back trying to get a doctor that would take me.
The people I talked to could be closer to me physically so they understand the geography and issues when giving out recommendations from different locations for medical services that you provide.
Unfortunately I still have difficulty because of the amount the medication that I'm at this point unable to pay.
But the agent also gave me the option of attempting to work it out with my doctor.
And then knowing rather or not I would be going to other pharmacies to get the medication.
I wanted to (unclear) from the UV rays (unclear) bifocal and I did find out that the 100% standard ones they'll cover the bifocals.
So I have to ask the doctors where I get the glasses.
Yes the one thing that could've been done better was I got for physical therapy sessions that were all approved.
The oncologist who gave me a shot of radiation before the day of surgery and whomever else was involved (unclear) everyone's been paid except the physical therapist.
And I had to go for a certain number of sessions obviously it's a total hip replacement.
From my surgery on January 11th and the in home physical therapy where they sent somebody out to the house.
Someone who had to come to check my blood for the (unclear) levels and in the follow up I never missed an appointment always on time always paid all my copayments and (unclear)-.
He assured me that my insurance is gonna cover my eye problems and I was very happy to talk to him so I can't think of anything better for the day.
I been with you all a long time and this was just a slip up on the drugstores part and the guy that I talked with that handled this for me he called them and they were not supposed to charge me for my medication.
I had very specific questions about my co-pay the remaining balance on my deductible as it would apply to getting the new shingles vaccine which my doctor strongly suggests that I get.
So I now have the information I need thanks to calling the insurance.
I wound up with a doctor that was out of network and it is costing me $300.
There's nothing you could've done better on this call other than telling me how to avoid my colonoscopy so I didn't have to go through it but that wouldn't have been the right thing to do.
I thought the medicine was so high but then I decided to call UHC and they explained what it was.
Carla handled everything well gave me several options and I need to look into them with our doctor.
I was recommended to a doctor who stole from me who violently attacked me and you people when you gave me the name of the doctor name address and phone number and I went there for treatment you people sent me to a place where his daughter could've stabbed me with a (unclear) letter opener.
It was cheaper for me to pay for an MRI out of pocket (unclear) my (unclear) two years ago.
The representative didn't have any information about doctors visits out of the country and it may not be written anywhere.
I should not have to do the survey before I've even taken care of my problem.
You could have sent a note saying that there would be problems getting our prescription filled.
Some rule has changed and it would have been nice to get some information regarding our medication.
I did find out that the doctor has submitted information on getting a drug approved for me on Friday late afternoon.
the medication has been denied because you don't have enough information.
It'd be nice if you had your dental information with the.
My thought would be to have a more up to date list of doctors and some way to tell quickly whether they're taking appointments or not.
And secondly your system is slow to pick up the fact that our primary care physician switched groups.
take time to look for the right place for me to go before I take my blood tests.
It seems to be very difficult to get reimbursement forms for dental care.
I just have to call my main doctor now and make sure that they not that it's a referral for my colonoscopy.
Not a doctor that I'd had before bye.
It was regarding a prescription so really could not have been done anything better except lower the price of the drug which I know that's not going to happen.
And to have an option other than just referring me to Medicare.
And it actually is more expensive here at Walgreens than it had been at Sam's where I got it before.
And I have to go to the dentist today and I called your company to find out I know (unclear) x-rays covered but I'm not sure if (unclear) x-rays covered and the representative pretty much disregarded that word or didn't know about it or didn't know if it was covered.
I think providing coverage for Eastern medicine like acupuncture and massage should be part of your program.
And two if I see a doctor every year for my urologist I hate to have to get a referral every year.
I don't believe there's anything in addition that could've been done simply because my procedure is outside of Medicare's area except for basics.
I just did have a question about the online with a mammogram and colonoscopy benefits but that's not the agent's fault.
my problem was taken care of.
My eye exam annual eye exam and informed me of new the new rewards program so I was very excited.
Yeah you could've told me that I had a gap in the medicine.
I'd like to thank UHC for having my wife and I.
If you all could not hold persons on the phone for a length of I still didn't get my question resolved about he blood pressure cuff for my mom.
Every time I call United Healthcare I receive excellent information and help.
We were given a new card for the doctor that did not accept new patients and when we got here we couldn't make an appointment so we had to call you to get and find a new doctor that took new patients.
SO I guess you should really check the doctor before they give you a card because like me I really need the medication at a certain time of the month.
And everything was set up so that I'd be able to get my medications today.
The representative I think his name was Seth he had a hard time finding out to give me any information about a medical deductible.
you could have done this just with this phone call but no we'd rather get a hold of a doctor.
Try and get me back into the network Get my doctor back into the network.
I just am gonna have to get maybe a little information more from the doctor when I see him.
for the ear audiologists in my area that I'm going to give them a call for a hearing test and then I'm sure a hearing aid.
She guided me through all the things I need to know about my medical benefits.
I need to know a deductible for Botox injections from migraines.
I've been looking for that for three months and my doctor's office is still (unclear) as well.
We were just disappointed that we could not get help with the gum surgery that our dentist did for my husband.
I got good information for a new doctor and everything is fine.
It's a matter that my claim is still pending and I was told it can take up to 30 days for a claim after it's been resubmitted back to the doctor and they get information information for it to be reviewed again.
So I'm waiting I cannot get another treatment at my doctor's office for my arthritis because the claim from last month is still pending.
The case has been denied because of for a month going on and on for prior approval to purchase a scooter and it is ridiculous to get the neurologist to completed the form another form was mailed to her.
The neurologist made it very clear that there were medical reasons why the scooter was necessary and it was a nightmare process to get this done.
You could have notified me that one of my medications was going to put me on coverage gap so soon in the year.
She even called my doctor's office to get some clarification for me on some medication.
The one thing you could've done better for me when the lady signed me up for this insurance she assigned me to a doctor that does not have a plan HR in office and I ended up not getting a doctor for some time there because when I call back to get another doctor they gave me I wrote down and called.
So through this I needed to go to urgent care 2 different times in 2 months and if I'd of had a primary doctor I could've saved all that.
I had been in conversation with my wife's dental supplement for several months now.
Get me the prescription that the doctor prescribed at a rational copay.
I was told someone that I wanted to go through was not in network and when I call the office of this doctor they said they most certainly were and they most certainly did take my insurance.
Make it so that you don't have to go to primary doctors every time you need to see a specialist.
I'm tired of calling plus you keep changing my medications in different tiers.
You fill it with insulin it sticks to your side and between (unclear) corporation who makes the Omnipod my doctor Dr Reckio and United Health I'm definitely running around in a circle.
She answered my questions and we took care of what I needed which was to get a referral without having to pick time to you know waste my primary doctor's time of going in there and having an appointment at this time.
What I was looking for was a specific list of the drugs that you've provided for a particular condition.
But that there is no (unclear) nowhere I can get a list of what I needed for my doctor that I'm going to see for the particular medications for what he's treating me for.
The only thing that could've been better is an explanation online maybe on that certain doctors don't take certain ophthalmologists take certain optometrists.
In fact today just now the last (unclear) I got a phone call saying my one medication was being shipped yesterday.
I got that medication last week on the 3rd I received it.
I've had arguments with them on the phone Optum Rx in fact one time I even called and said you guys were pushing for me to get Optum Rx I did and I'm having more problems than I had going to a local pharmacy.
So I do not have any problems with UHC at all.
I called to get help to get a hospital bed and I'm so far I haven't gotten anything.
It's easier if the receptionist or the agent checked into their computer a little further to help the patient or the client okay because sometimes there I guess throughout the work and throughout the work load that they have it's hard for them to keep up with every individual but they need to take their time with each individual (unclear) they need to.
Maybe a little more help trying to find the answer to why changing my primary care.
I think training your doctors in network to communicate with the primary doctor on a better.
Unfortunately the plan I have I haven't had to use but now that I do I'm trying to get a shingles vaccine.
They gave me some information that wasn't correct and eventually got to Optum Rx but it's.
Nancy was terrific but my doctor apparently is not signed up with UHC so I will have to change plans.
I don't know if you could have done it better but they showed no dental insurance on myself and I was that's what I was checking on.
You could have told me how much it would be for me to get a shingles shot.
I have not had contact with Premier Health Pharmacy at all so I'm was surprised they didn't have my correct address.
The employees should've had information on your in network doctors that I needed.
I do need to mention that the first question that was asked about referring to other people that AARP UHC Rx plan.
I have called about pharmacy issue and I was given the survey before I was ever connected to a person to help me.
he did have some information that I needed to add to my file I guess my email and something about a care giver non care giver.
I just wish the doctor that was willing to charge copay is (unclear) just to get seen by a doctor.
one thing I would have liked is that they helped me when it came to going to the foot doctor because they told me that I can go and I thought I could go and it would be free but it's a 100 and some dollars to get that done.
Cedric and the 2 representatives that I spoke with I can't remember the young lady's name but Cedric has put dental on my notice of dental payment denial.
I didn't need 3 hours of physical therapy at (unclear) health job but I needed the therapy they gave.
it'd been nice if you could of went on and offered to contact my prescribing doctor.
And then also advise my drug score who fills my prescriptions.
And I hope I will be able to obtain reimbursement for medicines.
Not today but Thursday when all of the other doctors when I called said it would be three to six months to get in.
I think the only other thing you could do is to have recommended another doctor but you are sending us a directory and I really appreciate it.
Once I make a decision then I have to ask because I'm changing doctors because this other doctor never picked up.
I had a question regarding a physician whether or not a physician was in network and that was answered promptly and politely.
Probably explain to me why the insurance company did not pay for my physical examination blood test.
You have an annual physical examination that includes a blood test and you didn't want to pay for anything.
And you can't find his actual physician that I go to within Beaver Medical Group.
I've been transferred five times in order to try and get some help for a cleaning for a patient that I have.
My prescription was rejected and I've taken it for 15 years and I don't understand at all.
I happen to be one of those people and I don't want I had to pay full price for my medicine because the insurance had rejected it.
I needed a cogent explanation of why my claim to the physician was denied and the information provided didn't make sense.
She couldn't help me because my doctors information is not in the system.
But she was able to call the clinic and help and speak with the office the clinic and have the receptionist call and put the doctor in the system.
The next one she said that she couldn't find my information and then she just told me the doctor wasn't there and was trying to get me to get another doctor.
Figure out a way that I could've got my medicine at a cheaper price.
Which is misleading and very disappointing because when you need a doctor at the last minute you cannot get an appointment.
And then you are looking out for a cardiologist in an emergency we cannot get a doctor within the network even though your website shows that he's in the network.
I got the names of some doctors and I resolved this question of my monthly premium of $2.
I was calling concerning Hydrocodone which is a drug that's not easily dispensed or so he did everything he could to talk to my pharmacy and to wait on them.
The reason I said a seven on how happy I am is because I am out of Hydrocodone and I'm in pain.
The sales representative should have gave me more options on what pharmacy I could have used.
The agent settled everything for me found my physician.
I hadn't had my quote wellness visit I've been to the doctor discussed my drugs and all that other stuff.
You could have ensured my orthodics even though I don't have diabetes because it's going to prevent future problems with my back and my legs and that would mean more (unclear) I have to go to the doctor for my legs and my back.
The one thing that you could've done better was to look up the medication and the care a little more quickly than was done.
It would really help in the list of doctors in my plan if the specialties were listed.
That would be very helpful to me my name is Patsy Butler my home number is 2814527214 and I'm talking about compounds for neuropathic pain.
I know that we can't have everything but the last compound that I had for nerve pain I think you all have discontinued it or someone.
I think that the agents need to know what satellite clinics are related to hospitals so that we don't have to go through all this questioning about whether I can go to a certain clinic that's part of a hospital.
I think having clearer answers I should have had about the medication that I was trying to get an authorization for.
But I have many friends that go through CVS and pay $17 for the same prescription.
And then I was told that if I (unclear) you will not even pay whatever you would've paid your contract provider for the same services for me because I went through somebody else and I had to have the materials when I had the surgery.
where I was going for the MRI tomorrow was totally wrong.
I wish my doctor was in your plan.
I would check the doctors out better.
one doctor that they had referred me to I practically threw her out of the hospital.
They accused my son of being a drug addict and he has had pain is 100% disabled and Dr Barkley is the one that I am talking about for pain management at Sherman.
Unless you could've given me the prescription that the doctor had given me at a reasonable cost.
The best thing we could do with your insurance here is to not have to have referrals from one doctor to another.
(Unclear) maybe if you had prescriptions that were affordable 'cause.
I couldn't ask for any better care or help from one of your agents.
And the procedure we're using is relatively new for my husband.
He took the time to go investigate to get answers for me that I have not been able to get from Medicare CMS or my husband's insurance.
Could've helped me get my prescription approved so I don't have to go from point A to point B and all around different places to get it approved.
I was trying to check on some osteoporosis medications and I understand the operator was having trouble with the systems because you were updating your computer systems.
I think one thing that could have been done better was for me to be able to have the right doctor's name on my medical card.
And then he started wanting the names of all my doctors and I had to abruptly stop him and tell the representative from the mail order pharmacy that I'm fasting right now and I just needed to know my account numbers and stuff.
What I really want is to know am I in the United Health dual plan.
I've been waiting a month for approval on my diabetic shoes and United Health has still not approved it and I need my diabetic shoes.
I need some information about some dental work I need to have done.
That way I would've been able to keep my 4:00 appointment today now I have to cancel.
I have never had a call at UHC and had a bad experience.
I just wish you could've paid for the shingles shot.
We're just disappointed that the medication has increased a hundred percent or more.
you know what I'm saying and visa versa but she did try hard and she called the pharmacy to try and get the issue resolved.
Let me know when I signed up that if I changed doctors I had to let you know even though the doctor I chose was in your network.
Actually found the doctor I want to go to.
I don't really understand all the numbers she gave me to get my prescriptions.
be able to meet my appointments and stuff with my doctor.
I don't understand that (unclear) they should do (unclear) test strip that should be part of the medicine why is the strips not considered as part of the medicine if you going take your blood sugar with it.
If you can't check your blood sugar without the strips then what else do you have that can check your blood sugar.
Hi I finally got over here to get the medicine ordered.
I called to find out if a tetanus shot is covered and I was told it might cost me as much as $395 for a tetanus shot.
I don't think a tetanus shot which is a preventative should cost me $395.
I didn't realize there was coverage gap on the medication on the pharmacy.
The one thing you could've done better for me on this call was explain to me if my dentist called in advance as I had asked him to to find out what was covered because there was no knowledge of what my plan included.
So I did not have to be running back and forth between UHC and my pharmacy.
I just wanted to know why my medication was so much? That I can't afford okay.
The representative for UHC answered my question on a diabetic injectable medication that I was prescribed by my endocrinologist.
And she stayed on the phone and helped me with the other representative from CVS Care (unclear).
Probably let me speak to someone at Scripts like I did the last time.
(Unclear) Shawna did her best but I needed to speak to someone at Scripts so I will call Scripts locally here myself.
I'm simply trying to find out if I have coverage and where I can get glasses.
But when I first signed up nobody told me and I just got the booklet that if I go to a specialist which means anybody outside of my primary it's $40 a copay not 20 and nobody explained that to me except for the girl I talked to today.
Everything was fine with Optum Rx agent the female agent I forgot her name.
I was interested in 2 particular drugs to take the place of (unclear) and she answered my questions to my satisfaction.
When I ask for a referral just get me a referral and make sure it's a doctor in network because I've been refused by my doctor that did the surgery because she's no longer in network.
Everything went really good talking to you guys and now it's up to my doctor to decide if they are actually go to keep me on because of the insurance but I hope they do.
But other than that all my other doctors take you and I am satisfied with your care.
I can't afford those things and I have to go without medications because of that.
I was missing one prescription and that's already taken care of.
I had called to find out if my drug was covered and it wasn't.
I said you but I mean the mail Optum Rx should have alerted me that they were not automatically going to be sending the refill for my prescription.
So my dentist was confused about that and so am I that got explained but it's just very confusing that I call a number and they tell me they don't even have my membership recorded.
Jo stayed on the line got my medication approved.
I had a referral request from my primary care doctor for my husband who has melanoma.
So each time he goes which is for dermatology every 6 months now I need a new referral.
It really takes a lot of time for my primary care doctor and for me.
I was able to change my dental provider and that's good.
Well I should not have had to call and get meds approved.
If they were not if I didn't need them I assume my doctor wouldn't have given them to me.
So I did get some suggestions and to go online but I'll see but I think that you should explain the drug program more thoroughly and another person I talked to had the same problem where they needed medication and it was like a ridiculous amount several hundred dollars.
And the Filipinos kept telling me that I was denied because the plan does not pay for one of my medications that is important to me.
could've expedited my claim faster because now I understand I'm going to have to wait 10 days to get an approval for a CT scan on the dislocated shoulder that's been dislocated for 2 weeks while I've been trying to get somebody to help me.
Now I understand it and I feel a lot more at ease that I don't have to worry about skipping my prescription drugs because of costs.
I called twice actually to ask about a (unclear) code I had the code specifically from the doctor and when I first called immediately when I said the word laser the agent said oh no we don't cover that before she even looked it up or even knew what it was and of course it is a covered procedure it's not for cosmetic purposes and then even the second call she's very nice however it took 18 minutes to find out about a code and I think our procedure that's very common so apparently the agents need better reference material so that they can more quickly access things.
Notified me earlier that I had not met my deductibles because I just recently started getting bills from 2017 from my primary care doctor.
I go to the doctor every three to six months depending on what he says.
I have called 3 times or more about the coverage for physical.
I'm glad I have this medicated plan.
well I was told that my doctor was not in the network.
And I do not want UHC contacting my pharmacy and telling them to renew my prescriptions.
You should not exclude the necessary lab tests that have to be done for a doctor to do a proper physical.
I was trying to update a doctor's address and they said they could only using the website and when I contacted the Express Scripts they said that they could only update the address once for each prescription and now for each prescription I have to call back separately.
You could have sent me a letter that was not dated April the 26th telling me my doctor was not available as of the 15th (unclear) you also could have sent me a doctor that was taking patients and one that was no taking patients.
You could have had a customer service representative better qualified to answer the question I had about my health coverage.
I would just like to have some more information on coverage for dental and eye.
If someone needs an ID an ID card they shouldn't have to wait that long because you should have it in your hands if you have to go to a doctor or what have you.
I lost an inhaler and I'm being charge for a replacement.
I just wish that the shingles new Shinglet injections were covered weren't such a high tier number that it's very difficult to get shingles and difficult to get rid of.
I went to get a reimbursement for prescription drugs that were given me in the hospital.
And it turns out I have to contact the hospital and find out exactly what they were the statement from the pharmacy.
I want to compliment your agent Ame and Sherice and also your pharmacy agent Jim.
I know I understand that the dentist want money but we are the patients and they try to get more than what we have that's all my complaints about the dental department.
Yes I needed an emergency supply seven days that I am supposed to with my plan be able to get when I need it.
For (unclear) I went to the drugstore yesterday to pick it up after my doctor had ordered it and they said the insurance company denied it so I called this morning and they said they could not supply me.
And all I needed to do was make sure that my information was transferred over from one United Healthcare plan to the other properly.
And I would recommend UHC to all of my friends.
I should have needed to see my doctor my specialist Diamond Charleston South Carolina as well as one in Augusta Georgia (unclear) Georgia and the university of South Carolina for vision and Augusta Georgia and urologist ears nose and throat in Charleston South Carolina a specialist.
But I do say that the information I got from UHC when I changed to Medicare Advantage was not helpful.
I have changed drug insurance three times in the last six months and I've never had anybody to explain it or try to help me get my medicine without problems.
You could research the doctors that you send out prior to recommending them.
Because I have been researching 12 doctors and they.
He went the extra mile to help me but they don't check distances they don't check qualifications and they don't check if they take Optum care.
And also cover the cleaning of the CPAP which is (unclear) is one of the machines that's out there that cleans the CPAP.
Just need help on copays before we have to do the procedure.
I had a toe amputated and my prescription wasn't covered and I had to borrow money off my mom.
I just wish there had been more doctors that I was requesting in my area but that's not your fault.
Got the price of the surgery that they're think about doing.
I wasn't able to give him any information about where the radiology centers were and what the choices were and the system wasn't working for him to get it.
The other concern I have is with these my wife's dying of MS and she has to be on pretty strict (unclear) medication.
And I can't get them until the last pill is done.
So I could get ahold of my doctor.
The lady that assisted me at UHC provided me with assistance.
Today alone I had to call about four times which normally that doesn't happen too often the number on the prescription bottle doesn't match up with the people that answer.
So I would prefer they put the correct number on the Rx bottle so the customer can get the direct person for the Rx.
So that person had had a way to connect me to UHC that would have been good.
There was nothing but I needed to let you know that these doctors are calling physical something other than physical so that they can get their deductible to them.
I was helped because I needed to find a kidney doctor (unclear) problem doctor suggested I go and the names that I had written down were not in the book but they are in the plan so I have to call one of these doctors (unclear) so thank you.
You need to check to see which doctors are or are not accepting your UHC.
No Miss Christina that's here in Texas an agent she took care of all my questions.
Which was not posted on my card and nobody seems to know who to contact with although I've called numerous times to UHC to Medicaid and to Medicare.
And I was surprised how much information and I have forgotten to use UHC when I have a problem and you know trying to find a dentist or doctor or whatever on my own.
I haven't been to a dentist in years and now I'm finding out I'm not going to be able to get any coverage.
Probably get in touch with my doctor for me.
Eye dental and physicians mailed to me personally so that I didn't have to call you to get references.
I do not understand that and as much as that was my medical practice that allowed me to get the insurance to begin with.
I lost my PCP doctor that I've had for 10 years cuz I was told she wasn't in the system.
I never use the discount with the over the counter medicines.
She contacted my primary care doctor and they are not knowledgeable.
So hopefully my question will be answered and because I need to go to a an urgent care that's in their system.
And I've had three primary care doctors because they're pretty horrible.
And sending her 60 to a hundred miles round trip is not easy for someone that's going through that kind of treatment.
It was totally in my doctor's lap and he didn't do what he was supposed to to get the medicine the way it was supposed to have been done.
This is (unclear) calling I was calling for my wife on some information about a mammogram and they gave A+ service always as usual and I just want to.
What I was wanting and he couldn't provide it I'm wanting a primary doctor that would come out to the house for my sister.
So it would be great if you had a situation you know where you could get a primary doctor to come out.
I'm just I still have to talk to the doctor.
I had both prescriptions with me yesterday after I was approved and now this one is telling me I'm only approved for skilled nursing and (unclear) so wrong.
She also let me know what I needed to do as far as calling my doctor about prior authorization etcetera and I'll do that as soon as possible.
Well I was hoping to be able to use another pharmacy and use a discover card for payment.
My husband has memory loss and I have to you know order his medicine.
I just called to get information on a drug and how much it cost.
I was able to locate doctors with in the network and that was a big help for me.
Tia and Elizabeth and they were just very helpful and the only problem I have is that a person who called me representing themselves to be employed by UHC as a pharmacist has my credit card information and everything and (unclear) their request in or get the information to mail it.
Making sure I get what I need so I can get everything taken care of.
I would not have had to call to receive no help if the claims department was aware of the coverage that I am under in my dental plan.
Instead I have to wait for a statement from United Healthcare but other than that the service was good.
My only problem was that I had with (unclear) service that when I get a voicemail telling me about my prescriptions and they want to give me a heads up that there's (unclear) not (unclear) and so (unclear) talk to a different person and press one if I am (unclear).
He had trouble finding the drug that I had finding it in the formulary and that took him quite a bit of time.
Quite frankly I received a bill from Quest Diagnostics and I feel that I've been cheated by UHC and this lab test company by not covering tests that my doctor ordered.
The problem is (unclear) and I need my medication.
I'm trying to get an appointment for something that needs to be seen immediately and there were no in network doctors that I knew of.
Inform me if one of my medications that I had to call in for one of my medications 90 days before delivery.
I've called probably a half dozen times and the previous agents said the issue was taken care and the insurance was my old insurance was canceled.
And when she said them dental benefits she broke them benefits down word by word.
I was calling to find out how much I need to pay on the balance of the number of visits that I had with this one medical practice.
The person I spoke to couldn't tell me if the cardiac rehab (unclear) is in network or not.
I've been working long and hard to get my gym enrolled in the Silver Sneakers program in the state of Florida only to find out that UHC no long supports Silver Sneakers program in the state of Florida.
The one thing you could have done better for me was to tell me that there was a mistake on the cost of a medication and that it wasn't a non formulary drug which means that I've gotta make a decision as to whether to pay this price every month or see if we could make a change on the medication.
Every time I call in to UHC I get excellent service.
Yes I was sent by UHC to a doctor that double billed me and did other things that are illegal.
And be able to go right to a pharmacy and get it which is the most efficient way of getting any vaccine.
You could have not put a prior authorization on a prescription that had not had prior authorization before.
The representative I spoke with Allen he concerning my particular issue was about a non coverage of this particular drug.
And so he wanted to go in and check and he found out what I needed to know and how I would go about getting a second you know like a pre authorization with my doctor doing the calling.
Javier called the pharmacy and talked with them and now I'm going to talk to the pharmacy and change how I get my drugs delivered thank you.
The only thing you could have done is covered Farsiga which is not a covered medicine under my plan.
Try to get me into my hearing aid try to get me connected with my hearing aid people because I can't get them.
Robin W helped today and they got the results I needed as far as coverage for some personal health products.
And when I went to try and find medical providers I could not get into that particular function of the website.
I was asking the representative lots of questions she was very helpful but think in one of them she's wrong and that is (unclear) I'm going to have a procedure done but not surgery like getting an injection but they have to do it under x ray equipment.
I was asked to pay a double copay for a prescription for the same bottle of medicine that I had been getting just because the instructions were written differently.
I'm not sure if there's anything better you could've done or if it's the way the process works but I thought I needed a pre authorizations and was told I just needed to get an order from a doctor or a hospital for a test that I have or 2 test that I need to have so overall the agent was very good the only reason I press 9 on the questions is I'm not certain on how the process works but I'm getting ready to try it out thank you.
I enrolled in the open enrollment play and you sold me a (unclear) saying my doctors were covered and my hospital was covered and none of it was covered.
I went to use it in February and it was denied so I had to miss 3 doctor's appointments and it's just unacceptable.
My husband has been on it for several years and when I got on Medicare I wanted to be on it with my husband of United Healthcare.
Well my doctor doesn't do colonoscopy So I have to go to an outpatient center.
I just have to make one more call and I will have completed my endeavors to make a decision on transferring some medication.
But I need to call the family doctor.
I don't think of anything other than lower the prices of my drugs.
I would be more comfortable seeing the pre approval and the authorization for surgery from my insurance company.
Had better record keeping because I was told I wasn't in the system for the dental plan and got shuffled around to different service people.
I wasn't it wasn't suggested as to what medication would be appropriate in its place considering how long I had taken that medication but overall very happy.
I'm about 97 recent sure but I received a letter in the mail saying that my coverage is going to be discontinued as of the first of June because you guys couldn't confirm that I had certain diseases with my doctor.
The problem was with trying to get a hold of the help desk to get an override on my medicine.
I would have liked to have been informed how much the price of my procedure that I had done last year on my back (unclear) before I got the thing (unclear) that's the only thing that I can thing of.
And my doctor recommended I have it done in two years.
But at least I hope I can get refills on my prescriptions at this time thank you.
I wish you would have put the formulary the tier levels and the amount of drugs in that formulary that we could order without having to get on the phone to get the information.
The representative was unable to tell me what pharmacies were in network what pharmacies were out of network but simply referred me to the pharmacy saying that I would have to depend on whomever I dealt with to give me correct appropriate information about whether they were in or out of network.
Give me all the information and all the medication that was put in and nothing thank you.
I had asked for something to get prior approval for a bone scan which is supposed to be covered under my insurance but my primary care provider was told that I would have to swear that I will take (unclear) medication in order to get one which I do not (unclear) and so I wanted to have that kind of covered by in writing that it is safe for me to take.
You could approve this claim that was medically necessary.
a possible wheel chair cancellation for my discussion yesterday and I was hoping that I did not undo what the (unclear) nurse had done thank you that's all.
If I had understood more about dental insurance it would've helped.
You could've found a replacement for my (unclear) pack and moved it to the (unclear) pump gel because the patch is taking my skin off.
My (unclear) it was supposed to be supplied after my back surgery that I don't have yet you should've made sure that they were here when I got home 'cause I'm having serious issues with the surgery and pain and (unclear) things like that me getting in and out of the shower d*** near impossible.
So you could've made sure my supplies were here like they were supposed to be as well as my (unclear) that they order for me in the hospital.
It's forty dollars and I cannot afford it unless I'm having some kind of surgery.
Or you talk on your phone like I did this last time and they talk me into an HMO (unclear) and my husband is eighty eight.
The last representative I had gave me a list of names of geriatric physicians most of them and I called at least 6 were not taking new patients others are only taking patients in an assisted living facility.
I understand that my anaesthetic is only covered with 80 percent concerns me a little but I will take a look at it thank you.
I have not had any good experiences with UHC except for the pleasant people that work for you.
Gosh gotten me a doctor I need an in home doctor and I called to speak to Brittany (unclear) and Brittany was wonderful when I last spoke to her but she got another advocate named Berta that was supposed to be working with me but I have no number to call her back at so I'm waiting for a transfer me to the network advocate and instead I got this survey but I still don't (unclear) medical care or dental care I'm supposed to be paying for and I'm severely disabled and I need somebody that will be able to work with me to get this to happen about I have a infection in my mouth that feels like it's going into my body and I'm unable to go leave the house to go to the ER safely without stopping breathing or having a seizure and so I really needed somebody who either have a client office or can make it quite for a moment that can my husband can take me to or that can come to me to my home my number is 5032473567.
The person I called about 2 months ago gave me wrong information because they told me that I didn't need to have a primary doctor to go to an acupuncture and they gave me the name of the acupuncture and said I could go to close to my home and so today when I came in there they said well I needed my primary care and I've been going to them for about 6.
And the fact that you needed a primary care to get it approved where the person I talked to before said you don't need approval to go to a acupuncture or a chiropractor.
Rep was unclear if I needed a referral from the doctor for a an MRI although I do not and she explained I do not need referral to a specialist thank you.
Requiring the pre authorization for something that is prescribed in the emergency room is a little bit ridiculous.
Change the lab that I have to get my blood work at.
My husband and I have both had the regular one but our doctors recommend we get this one too.
She said if I could give it to doctors office it would be less.
She said perhaps I could get it at the hospital but had no way of knowing how much it would be there.
She had that post (unclear) which required her insurance company to pay for (unclear) for the rest of her life in a rather high dosage.
I needed to know how much I would have to pay for my surgery and the gentleman he was very nice but he didn't know because (unclear) one by one sort of thing when you have surgery.
He did quite a few things cuz I had a prescription I picked up for an inhaler that was expensive and he explained to me about my deductible and then I had him look up I refused two prescriptions recently cuz they were two expensive.
And he explained how I have to call the doctor and get the prescriptions again.
I could have been told exactly if I needed to go to a eye specialist or just an eye doctor.
The one thing you could have done better for me is you know give me free (unclear) ointment and Sodium Chloride ointment and the probiotic for free.
We are very upset because our doctor was changed without us knowing and we would like to tell other people about it and change insurances as soon as possible.
You could not have put my medication under tier 3.
The lady was very helpful but the cost of the medication it shouldn't have gone up.
I need to call another number to check on a dental insurance.
It would've been really good to keep having (unclear) on the formulary like it was last year but the representative did talk to my pharmacy and I have refills left.
Well I called last week to change my primary doctor and then the card came today and the primary doctor's name was not changed.
The card came with my old primary care physician's name and my new primary care physician will not give me to an appointment until I have the card in hand.
They helped me out a lot and I got to call next month to make sure my medicines aren't too expensive.
It was taken away and I didn't even know that no notice to me no notice to Oregon Healthcare.
The last 2 being the first and second times that I've tried to fill prescriptions I've been denied saying that I had other coverage.
The one thing you could've done better on the call is they say that you would be checking into why they have not responded properly and that's not United Healthcare but one of my medical providers that were working with them.
I asked her if why do all the other people Essence and (unclear) and all them other people my friends go to the doctor twice a year.
I know it's above cost but I did need the plan because I did need to be able to go to you know like emergencies and other facilities the doctors.
I wanted to find out what my copay would be for my insulin from a different drug store.
But the drug store says the insurance would have to tell me.
had a prescription sent that wasn't ordered.
And I was asking about vision care and where I could go and did I need to see a certain doctor once I got to the vision care.
And my claim was denied because the doctor I saw was not in network.
Well you need to update your list of in network doctors because we only found 2 neurologists.
What you could've provided me a method to go ahead and get approval for my medications that I take on a regular basis.
because this is medication I take every single month.
I don't over take it and so forth I take what I'm supposed to but it's making it very difficult to get my prescriptions filled.
Been taking them for years it's the same medication the Xanax and the Hydrocodone the same amount and I'm also 79 years old.
And I just would have preferred to hear that my deductibles were all met.
Got the doctor for me and everything.
I needed more listings for pain management clinics and you just didn't have enough.
You had individual physicians but not large clinics like the one that I had just been fired from.
And so I was having to redo it so when you ask about level of service I assume today would be taken care of.
I think I'm going to go to another pharmacy and look for another insurance.
The way United is working now all my doctors that I had for 30 years are now being canceled out of the program.
Actually everything seemed to be fine I was referred to a neurologist and hopefully my doctor will send the referral and I will actually get help this time.
This has been very helpful to me since the phone calls I've previously made to get a referral haven't worked by calling the doctor myself.
I just had a little hiccup with that one doctor who only does medical eye exams and not vision so I got a couple others and hopefully one of them will you know better suite my needs okay.
I called only asking for a mammogram services that were on my plan.
All I wanted to know is which medical services were on my plan.
But I did have to jump through a lot of hoops to get in there and ask her why a prescription was not covered this year that was covered last year.
And I could not understand the 2 medications and prescriptions that I had left to refill.
She couldn't pronounce the name (unclear) and it's a huge medical coverage company in the state of California and I even had to spell that for her.
Every time they tell me go to a doctor I got over there after I make (unclear) one month and I got over there and (unclear) we don't take that one.
And since I called concerning a medication for an ear infection I had a tough-.
And also have to call back UHC because I have an appointment to go to now.
My suggestion to United Health is to give her a raise a promotion and put her in the best spot available because she is one of the top people I've ever spoken to when I've called United Health.
And it's preventative maintainable for my medical needs and I have to preauthorize the shingles shot which I don't think is right.
Instead he called my doctor because he was evidently didn't know how to look up doctors in my area.
And then after that he did not hang up he sent me over to a place where I could get extra help with my medication and other needs (unclear) this person sure does need some training.
My request that I had to have the a problem with my doctor.
Apparently have to pay for my lenses every two years and this year I had a significant change in my prescription.
If I can get my medication.
I had hoped it would be possible for the your customer person to contact my previous insurer Humana and have them transfer my prescriptions.
You could've explained that there was a up front payment to getting my prescriptions via mail.
Quit turning down preapproval for medications for me that have been (unclear) and recommended by two doctors one of whom I see every two weeks and this is just complete bull c***.
It didn't say anything about this number just for prescriptions.
She gave me some pointers and (unclear) have cheaper prescriptions.
Looking for the name of a physician which no had no answer as to who this person was.
Allow your customer service to override your formulary plan so patients can get a pill that they need twice a day be allowed to prescribe the doctor's prescription for it.
Pay me up (unclear) where I can go to any dentist I needed to go to.
There was a form to be issued that they could not find so I have to get proof of insurance through the end of March verbally and I will contact UHC with that information.
You could have covered the colonostomy at my age at 79.
I was satisfied with the call today because she was persistent in calling the other insurance company and talking to those representatives.
I think advise people that they should call to get vaccinations approved before they get denied by the pharmacy that you go to.
(Unclear) remembered I just wanted to tell you this when my husband was alive I was covered with dental insurance or whatever.
In fact it didn't go into effect until May 1st and I went to the dentist on April 30th so it didn't get covered and nobody told me that it had changed the activation day so then I'm out of pocket for all the things that I thought were going to be covered in a routine dental checkup.
I've been trying very hard and diligently to get an appointment with a pain management group and he tried to get me back with (unclear) no longer contracted with you so he went ahead and tried to make me an appointment with the one that UHC replaced (unclear).
Well there wasn't anything that I needed other than to get my concerns taken care of.
It was very helpful and I appreciate him taking the time to really research my options and to give me the information I needed so I don't know what else you could do to make it better just to be able to get new eye frames every year instead of every two years so I guess that would be helpful.
You could've just made me an appointment with some doctor or dentist is what I needed.
I was having difficulty finding vision care providers under my Medicare benefits and the lady I spoke with on the phone redirected me to my UHC dot com and found everything I was looking for.
It's an item that I think you should cover so we could keep our seniors out of the emergency room and out of the nursing homes.
Given me the opportunity to call my dental office first and then take this survey.
I was trying to find an orthopedic doctor for my mom who had an accident and the office of both of them actually telling me they didn't accept the insurance coverage from United Healthcare and my representative from United miss April she was so great.
Could not (unclear) an issue with a anesthesiology group from a recent surgery but did give me the address procedure for an appeal.
The one thing you could've done better for me was continue my transportation so that I can finish my radiation for breast cancer.
We was trying to get the prescription plan reinstated.
I was surprised that so many of them that I had got before was not with United Health or they had long waiting periods.
You could have another facility besides Orange Radiology which I dislike immensely.
The material regarding cataract surgery should be better organized so that your representative can very quickly find those who are in network.
I had a question that we didn't have an answer for so he did call my doctor and the doctor will call him back.
Because now I'm forced to go out of network to get this neuro surgery that I really need.
I'm 74 years old and taking these horrible opioid pills and I need to get this surgery.
So if I hadn't called and if it hadn't been taken care of I would have wondered what this prescription reimbursement request was all about.
I wish you could've found more doctors in the hospital that I like to go to that is in the surgery department there's just not enough of them to choose from.
My the medication was sent out when it wasn't supposed to be.
What you could've done better is recorded the correct days that I had the dental service and the correct amount of money.
The only thing that could help me is if I could pay less to the doctors before I have my Cataract surgery.
To informant anybody that calls into a specialist to find out they should use at UHC (unclear) that they're still covered in the system.
My problem is that I went to doctors they was covered.
It appears that Social Security had already contacted UHC regarding my husband's passing.
Well I cannot understand why the doctor who write me and say that the bill was not paid for this surgery.
He was excellent but I had been trying for at least 2 weeks to get fax sent to the dentist that I want to go to.
It was going to say they accepted United Healthcare and they should know that I needed a referral being that they are in fact a specialty and they don't take primary care providers.
The store that carried them 'cause the ones the doctor gave me a different medical supply places did not take UHC but I was getting those that do in my area.
you gave me the wrong doctor on a.
So I don't know whether or I should go to my present doctor or this new doctor that you mention on the card name.
I'm hoping that when I go to the pharmacy the prescription will be ready as she promised.
I called Optum Rx and the number that I called 818668703470 which is listed on one of my prescription bottles it was not.
that I have here for one of my medications Singulair was 18668703470 and yet I was told that's not the right number.
You could've let me know that my dental was changed from in Colorado from $15.
I received a denial of payment but it doesn't tell me whether this denial was to the hospital or to the doctor.
But I only got 38 days worth of medication and I have to follow up with this.
Everything was handled fine the representative even agreed to call the chiropractor for me which I don't need at this time no complaints.
It's been a little frustrating not having my primary care physician that I've had for years.
They could've handled my prescription drug plan a little bit better and notify my doctor last month like they told me they would.
I just needed to confirm my coverage and activate my passport privileges to go to another doctor.
With the hospitalization I had last year I didn't have any of these expenses.
It often doesn't work and just because a doctor retires and you got to get new referrals for new physician.
Between the time you see the new doctor and the time you would see a speciality provider that you were referred to.
You know if the doctor (unclear) supposed to do the referral it should be honored no mater (unclear) the parameters of when a doctor gives you a referral and when it's expired.
And I have had had problems getting a claim done from 2017 on my dental.
You seem to have a system problem in terms of identifying primary care providers I was not happy about receiving notice that my primary care provider had changed when in fact it had not she had not changed.
Y'all could actually get in touch with the pharmacy's and provide a actual price for the prescription drugs that the people are trying to pick up for the each pharmacy.
I called 1 week ago today on a Tuesday to get reserved on a claim that I got from Avida health care that was to be handled taken care.
It's just trying to check on my dentist and evidently he hasn't been approved yet.
I went in for my annual physical and I did not ask my doctor anything.
I needed no medical care other than just the annual physical which turned out fine.
I called because I'm a new member and I wanted to get some pricing information on my drugs and after listing and spelling all of my four drugs and spending about 20 minutes on the phone with Chris.
Get me up to date prices on the vaccines I was just asking on.
The gentleman was very nice but he did not have access to the cost of vaccines at different pharmacies and I wanted that information.
and as far as prescriptions go I have not had one successful interaction as far as my prescriptions go and my wife's prescriptions go.
You took the problem is always figuring out what I owe from the Mayo Clinic.
The only thing that he was not able to do was that the hospital did not resend the bill that I shouldn't have to pay.
I just got help in having my family physician new primary physician change confirmed.
I don't like calling every time I make an appointment to call you the UHC that I need referrals.
Very given me some information that I needed as far as a choice of doctors or physical therapist that I may so.
Okay and now I have to go to a doctor so I have to leave the survey.
There was nothing further that you could've done for me all I did was need the name of the blood thinners and it was given to me rapidly and as concisely.
The person could've explained the reason why I have to pay the specialty every time I go in for therapy.
You tried calling the doctor to see if they would accept and unfortunately they won't.
I have no complaints I could not ask for more thorough assistance and advice that was given to me will help me process my in patient hospitalization deal.
Then I not get these letters saying that you want to cut my medicine off.
All I needed was to have I was approved for two visits for physical therapy.
I think it was with the doctors office and the pharmacy.
The doctor is not covered in the network so that is the only complaint that I have.
Really nothing because they did not have the information that I needed apparently about my surgery.
I needed to know the cost and they have no idea how much it's going to cost for the surgery.
Referrals take too long and they are not the preferred doctors that they suggest.
The only thing you could have done better for me is that it would have not been so expensive regarding this drug that I called about but that's not your problem but I thank you.
It would've been helpful if you guys would be able to actually deal with the doctors and tell me the answer without me having to go back to the doctor and manage it myself.
I am trying to pick dental insurance.
The only thing you could of done better is make the medication I actually need available and that's Primpro.
It's just not fair that medication that does work is not allowed on the plan.
If the Doctor recommends I don't understand why the insurance companies just don't let us get the medication.
And so I did not talk to anybody today but I would like to talk to somebody about an incident that I would like to know if I could get a gift card for which would be if you have a colonoscopy if you get a gift card or not.
And and see if you guys have figured out if there's an in home doctor for me because I have a severe disability prevents me from leaving the house when I need to.
I've been sitting here trying to find out about my dental rider.
I wanted to know why my prescription drugs were now 75 dollars and 50 cents.
I'm looking for a dentist when I'm going online and looking at your provider directory there are no regular dentists there.
So the person is sending me a lit of dentists but I think I should be able to go online and find a dentist.
Made the call a little shorter it seems like when I call if there was any form that I sent in it takes a long time for the person helping me at UHC to recover that information.
I just feel like when I go to this nurse practitioner I should not have to pay the $18 copay.
Business I had to do is taken care of.
And I wish that you could lower my copay since I'm stuck with getting a name brand drug.
I'm sorry on the phone with you guys today I never got the answer to whether or not a laser surgery necessary for my diabetic condition in my eyes recommended by my optomologist would be covered.
I called your company for 3 weeks getting my primary care provider switched.
I learned more about the insurance coverage than I knew.
You gave me the hospital instead of giving me a person to talk to.
You gave me a memorial hospital instead of giving me a person.
Concerning the help that I needed concerning delivering my medication to another location out of (unclear) and that was a great help to me and it was also a great benefit to me concerning all my delivered medications.
I would like some improvement for my records being transferred from my previous doctor in Orange County to my current doctor Gay Walker and I filled out all the paperwork for that and she didn't have the records available.
I won't know anything until Sandra who was the lady I talked to very nice calls the orthopedic doctor who's trying to get me to go to a place that's not in network.
I think you could make it a lot easier for me to download dental claim forms.
There's a big confusion between my cardiologist and well I don't want to say UHC because I don't know.
You were very helpful in straightening out my dilemma as far as my medication.
Everything was fine except for the label on my scripts 4 or 5 of them prescriptions they're a month under than what it should be.
Been able to have my prescription ready.
He set up an annual visit with my family doctor and he's gonna send out a colon cancer test so it was an excellent call.
I think she was awesome I only had 1 bad call in all of this and that was finding out if my local hospital was part of the network 'cause there not listed.
It's sort of a complicated question about whether dental or medical covers an oral surgeon so I'm trying to call dental first and see if they do.
So if that can be added to the prescription on the pill box that would be wonderful.
I could've got sent to a doctor and had a whenever this provider was a doctor there's a mouse in my house.
I'm very impressed with your services but I'm having server pain and I don't know if I'm having a stroke a heart attack a kidney stone or it's my back problem.
I am on chronic pain medication which I have lowered and I.
on my own with my doctor saying I could do it.
And on Wednesday I go back for another surgery and then shortly after that they're gonna schedule another surgery.
And I have taken a higher dose on liquid Morphine before due to pain and the insurance as far as this Saturday had no problem and was gonna expedite it.
And now it's been denied and I read off the bill list about the opioid problem going on and I understand that.
And you could talk to my doctor and check pharmacy records.
I never ever have done anything but try to go down on my meds and stay comfortable.
And I had surgery and needed extra help.
If I could have been a member of Optum (unclear) I could have gone to a (unclear) facility really close to my home.
I couldn't be more pleased with my UHC PPO plan to (unclear).
I never did get it and I'm calling to get a card so I can go get my medicine.
I have a brain injury it was approved from my (unclear).
They sent me gave me an appointment to Dr Kunan how my neurologist 'cause I have a brain injury and I have an appointment tomorrow but now I am being told that I can't go.
I was just worried about my health my dental insurance.
Well I wish you had an easier way to indicate which address the prescription should be sent to would make life a lot easier.
I don't think there's much more you can do my only dissatisfaction with the plan is that the doctors that I had are not participating in it.
you all connect me with my physician and don't need to have someone come to my home.
I was just wondering if they could've kept my primary doctor in my network but I'll just deal with what I got.
I was told that I couldn't you couldn't mail me a list of the doctors maybe we can look at that because everybody's not computer savvy and pull it up on the computer.
Tried to explain to her I had UHC Complete and I had called Optum there's the number on the back of the card for pharmacy and she didn't seem to understand that I don't get my drugs from Optum and I was getting them from another drug store.
I had (unclear) I go to a neurologist every 6 months and she tried to get a referral through to the ENT I'm having trouble with swallowing and some issues that could be you know very life threatening she said and we've been waiting 2 weeks.
I really appreciate the (unclear) UHC in helping me with my mom situation.
Apparently my mother's form was returned because there was no address on it and I don't understand why it was returned to the doctor to fill that out if UHC has my mother's address.
And a person from Oregon Health Science that's been in touch with UHC assured me that everything was resolved and yet when we go to the computer the customer service person could not find any such record of the physician I'm looking for.
There isn't anything that you could have done better except possibly by not using Optum Rx as your contracted mail order pharmacy.
But Optum Rx is worst I had the worst experience and I have spent probably 4 hours today trying to straighten out the mess that Optum Rx has caused me.
I went through 4 people over there I had to get on a 3 way call with my pharmacy they kept rejecting an override and it just was a horrible experience.
The doctor that I need to go to and I am just (unclear) everything that she.
I have to call the doctor and find out what he recommended or whatever.
any questions still remaining I need to direct to my doctor.
I have a medical problem and I have to change doctors.
My disappointment with UHC plan is that the fitness contract was not extended to my local Shorewood fitness center which caused me to change plans.
Least try to get me another plan to try to help me get my diabetic medication that I can not afford.
It was to cover more of my prescription unfortunately the doctor wants put me on (unclear) and the drug store is going to told me that it's $543.
I called up to see about that and the gentleman that answered said he thinks it's paid but I got (unclear) the medication that they are talking about.
I called in about my dental plan and I don't have a dental plan no more and I had it all the time.
Maybe a better understanding of a specialist role as far as a doctor because that's a real point of issue when you go to your primary and the primary's assistant is considered to be a specialist and that would really come as a surprise to that particular medical provider I believe.
And I would literally like to know why each drug store like CVS Dwayne Reed and Rite Aid all charge different prices.
She even took extra steps today beyond making sure that there were opportunities that we were taking advantage of that UHC was taking.
for going to an asthma doctor or an MS doctor or eye care but you did.
So hopefully everything will be by next time I need to get my prescription filled.
my physician referred me to an orthopedist who was not in network but I didn't realize that until after I'd gone to him but he strongly recommends this gentleman for this surgery.
So I am disappointed that I can't get the surgery from him without paying for it myself.
So I am certainly hoping that I can get in there but it's disappointing not to be able to use somebody who is recommended by my primary care physician.
I can't tell you anything that can improve the conversation I had with the UHC today.
If it's that important it certainly should be encouraged by supplementing my membership to a health club.
I was thinking I had dental insurance with you all.
Come to find out I didn't have no dental insurance.
Yes because I've always had to you know make my appointments for my well woman's exam and as far as my gynecological exam.
You could have approved by B 12 shots as a prescription rather than making me go back to the doctor over and over again.
Getting a referral for every item that I need from the doctor is troublesome to the doctor and to the patients.
Make it a little bit clearer that we need a referral for every procedure that we need.
I certainly have to take the time and initiative to sit down and the computer and look at UHC medicare dentist search and find the appropriate oral surgeon as well as dentist forge forward.
my doctor needs results I need results.
I'm looking for a dental surgeon and first of all she gave me dentist's names.
Because I told her that I needed a root canal and she didn't realize that surgeons do that.
I would like there to be a number for the providers to call to receive information directly about my extra dental and vision plan.
I need to make a call to the doctor that they recommended.
I have to call the doctors and make sure that you will take my insurance.
Was calling (unclear) to schedule an appointment with a visiting nurse and well we're not sure when we will have somebody in your area was the answer I got.
I have good health care here with my own family doctor and you initiated the call a week ago and I called back to respond and I feel I'm left hanging in the air.
Basically perhaps more coverage just covering medications with our (unclear) ointments medicated ointments etcetera.
I do feel that you should bring up date the doctors on your listings because I spent 3 days checking out doctors that were not anymore with your company.
They had moved they were not neurologists and I was given neurologists and.
Nothing she answered the question of why your drug was not paid for.
Give me a doctor that I can keep.
I think one of the UHC customer service representatives today (unclear) all our questions that I need to tell them.
Today I went to so many doctors was a hard time about 4 or 5 doctors I went to 4 or 5 different dentists' (unclear) mail (unclear) both (unclear) definitely today.
I would welcome a telephone call from anyone in your customer service or UHC to discuss it further.
I (unclear) to the xrays the dentist wanted to take today.
So they were unable to put in a referral for me to a specialist which is required for it to be done by them.
Get my medicine approved that I called in for.
Well if you had a cost evaluation for removing cataracts out from your eyes it would have been nice.
They just have a lot of patients that they have to pick up drop off at the same time.
I understand that there's a generic form of my medication that is available but it isn't in your formulary yet.
So transferring new generics into your formulary quickly would really have helped me out.
I was under the impression I would not hit the donut hole for about 9 months.
Again it was not totally explained when I initially chose this particular prescription plan.
The other people who helped me on the previous time I've been trying to get me a doctor since October.
I would like to have had the First Line Medical service given back to me that was taken away arbitrarily.
It had to do with a duplicate billing that my partner and I had received from Medicare.
I just wish they had prices on certain procedures in (unclear) the same twenty percent.
Well it took a while to do the research on a vaccine I was inquiring about.
I really appreciate all the help and information I get from UHC over the phone.
What I had to do and what it was gonna cost and I signed up for my dental insurance.
Not referring to the person I spoke to but I would love to see more network doctors' located in around Miami Beach area.
And everything is discombobulated and I cannot get my prescription medicine like I need it and the problem with using UHC is that you use Optum Rx.
When I talked to one person that was telling me the different tests or programs like a mammogram or a wellness visit or diabetic program that I could do and get a reward for it.
But the lady I talked to today said she couldn't tell me anything that I'm eligible to get a reward for except the wellness visit and the diabetic eye test.
One thing you could've done better is whoever answered the phone her I didn't write her name down but anyway she needs to learn what the word breast prosthesis means.
you went and got a blood test you must've stayed there for 3 days.
You waited way too long to you didn't even contact me at all about the prescription that was denied it was I'm still waiting it's the prescription was sent out on Monday nobody ever called me except to tell me that it was declined and you should not I shouldn't have to wait 7 to 10 days to get a prescription that was due 7 to 10 days ago thank you.
You gave me the information that I wanted to make sure that was covered to get a mammogram and they said I was and I have no problems.
One is I get different source from different representative's whether my dentist was in network or out of network.
Then I go to get work done there and now it's all been denied paid for after I was told and the dentist office was told by a representative that my dental work was covered under my dentist in network and all that.
So I called United Health and I talked to like four people and it seems like nobody can give me this telephone number and so I'm gonna call the YMCA.
Like since I was a (unclear) in January and (unclear) my treatment.
And I think that you need to get some information out to doctors about their staff and how they treat their patients.
The only thing you could do better for me is set up my appointment with my dentist.
I thought we had Medicare plus UHC as a supplementary.
I was looking for a doctor and she would call the doctor for me and I have to call back Tuesday to the doctor that she gave me because it wasn't open which wasn't her fault.
She answered all my questions and was trying to help me with the price of a medication for Trulicity that I'm having a problem with.
The drug that I was possibly going to take a PCS canine inhibitor and she was more than helpful with some of the other issues I was trying to deal with.
Turns out it isn't but your representative very nicely told me that they would give the doctors a right number to call and they could straighten out my issue.
Probably maybe the only other thing that could be improved upon was the time it took him to gather the data to determine the tier of the medication I was inquiring about which was Zoralto so I'm not sure if they had computer problems or what.
It seemed that the this computer system couldn't match up a nurse practitioner with a doctor but there wasn't anything else of her doing.
I think you should update the directory of the doctors.
I needed to make two phone calls in order to understand how my deductible and copays (unclear).
And same thing for John who this discrepancy with the pharmacy and I needed to call back and (unclear) help me though.
I really can't think of anything except possibly a little less hold time which she was looking up my copay but it was reasonable.
And what they gave me was oh anywhere between a hundred and a hundred and forty five dollars for a shingles shot or a tetanus shot.
I have Alzheimer and my doctor has wanted me to be tested and he's given.
he had wanted me to go to Professional Hospital and they wanted to bill you guys and I said well I'm gonna find out first if you know if I'd be covered by it before I go do anything like that.
Original questions about formulary drugs could've been answered more completely and thoroughly and that would've helped a lot.
They do not understand and following through on things I was checking on about a biopsy was a medical thing.
So it's something that like I didn't have foresight to know until I had the procedure done.
The gentleman that helped me with my questions about this prescription was very thorough and even through the prescription was gonna be in a tier 4.
The agent that handled my conversation was extremely professional patient took the time to go look up the drug look up the generic for me to give me the dosage thank you very much have a good day.
I have many doctors to choose from when I'm in Florida.
There really wasn't much anything you could have done for me because the medication that I was calling about was just approved by the FDA and it's not in your system yet so it's just a matter of time and I just have to call back.
Everything was answered except for is there an anesthesiologist with this outpatient procedure or is that just something that's done in the doctor's office and you know that issue was not answered.
I need to know how to get my prescription in with my other prescription so that I can receive them all at the same time so that I won't be in pain so long.
Well she answered my questions but now I'm still disputing $39 here with the ophthalmologist.
I am still trying to get them to lower the (unclear) of my medication and I do not know whether I will actually (unclear) or not.
I have been trying to get a reimbursement done for a surgical procedure that I had.
It was not entered as maxofacial oral surgery which I had for the removal of an unnecessary disruptive infecting post in the front of my mouth.
But I've been sick since March 28th and y'all just turned down my medicine.
I'm still uncertain that this doctor that Carl recommended will actually have the right name by the number when I call.
I'm going to call this doctor and verify before I go there.
Except for a little bit more information that he could've answered me about the prescription itself the medication in the prescription and I understand that that probably needs to go back to the doctor or the pharmacist and of course you forget calling the doctor so I'll call the pharmacist but he was so good.
What you could've done better for us is have the information with the doctors so that the doctors know how much shingles shots are covered.
Well you could've checked my doctor was saying Doctor (unclear) my primary care physician was saying.
Everything is very good at helping me with my prescription question.
Just the ultimate top of the line top of the class professional and I learned everything that I need when I call UHC and this was one of so many representative's that was excellent.
They keep sending me this letter and they should know that it needs a doctor's referral.
I called UHC about a hospital bed and (unclear) she was fantastic.
I was looking for a doctor primary care physician in my local but had trouble finding one and one I did find that is way out of the area.
Accepted my nurse practitioner that I was requesting.
I didn't get a complete explanation of the price of my prescription.
I've seen this doctor for a very long time.
I thought the information that I requested regarding the recommended dentist.
I was looking to get a generic or a cheaper version of a drug I'm taking right now and he couldn't find one.
00 for a pill for my blood that if I don't take it then I could bleed to death after surgery but that's not your.
Notified me that my drug was going off.
Everything was done very well it's just I don't know yet if the issue has been resolved because it will depend on my primary care doctor's authorization for an.
But I don't know if the issue has resolved it depends on the doctor and on the insurance company.
My last call I was sent to a dentist for an emergency appointment and they did not take my insurance.
She explained everything that was going on and I'm very happy that insurance company covers my mammogram 3D.
'Cause I have a (unclear) substance question because I was talking about getting a supply my medication before moving to another country.
And you (unclear) was 30 hand fulls as far as say you contact your doctor you contact your pharmacy and make sure that everything is in order you know at that time.
She was able to call the people I needed and verify the information about our insurance with Cleveland Clinic representative.
Very prompt in getting a representative and took care of my issues.
Please call me when my drugs are shipped.
So I will just be very patient and assume that you've got my medical request form reimbursement.
Your representative talked with Optum Rx trying to get my paperwork straightened out from (unclear) HMO.
My name Jan Oskar and I just finished talking to Jonathan in regards to some medical supplies that I need.
In particular (unclear) somebody on customer service that doesn't know what an orthopaedic doctor is.
I was trying to pre authorize a surgery and my first call with Darlyn told me that they hadn't received a request for pre authorization and it turned out that it wasn't needed for this surgery.
He gave me possible references for a health service but I just need to explore and make sure that these fit my needs.
You could've called the doctor earlier just like you called the doctor today to resolve the matter.
And helping me out with a problem about what I should pay for particular tests.
And I've been told that Charlotte Radiology will be the one that will call me back with a corrected bill.
I was searching for whether or not a doctor was in my network.
But I was a little upset when I was told that the Shingles shot was included as part of my plan only to find out when I tried to get it they wanted to charge me well over two hundred dollars.
My husband has been waiting for over 6 weeks to get authorization to have some piece put in.
I called in to simply find out if there's another pharmacy I could use in McCall Idaho while I was traveling my home residence here from Arizona.
I made another call in and the same person I spoke with started all over again and I explained to him I am not changing my address I only want to know if there's another pharmacy I could use.
I think probably be able to send me a list of participating facilities by email would have helped me a lot because now I have to wait for the participating book participating physicians on the book on the medical book.
Well this is the follow up after enrolling three times with UHC I received and I applied for UHC in April and I received a message to call I didn't have any idea why.
I wasn't home the day the call was received and I called the next day and they said sorry too late you needed to call yesterday and I said well what was it you needed to know and they said well the start date for the new policy and I said that I had provided that information previously to Medicare.
when I was called by UHC to set up a home visit the person doing the setting up was extremely pushy.
And I will only be able to tell you once I pursue some of the names and see if they might be suitable for my physician choices.
You could have told me that the mammogram they do it every other year and I thought they were doing it every year but that's okay.
I was calling on a very unique type of drug that my doctor wants to prescribe for me and it's extremely costly and he was just so very helpful and explained the different way that this drug can come two different ways in capsules or by suspension and physically difference in cost and how but each one would cost with and without our particular insurance and I just can't say a nice enough nice things about the help that I got.
She was a blessing today for me because I'm trying to get my insurance and she made.
One indicating that my orthodics would be covered and LaTara indicating that no that coverage would not happen.
Nothing better that I can think of I had Marlene and she was absolutely fabulous she lead me right where I needed to go to find a dental plan you could you know just some advice you could put some type of drop down for dentists up there I wasn't able to get to the dentist's through the HCAARP.
So (unclear) the man explained (unclear) what I should do and I have a form that I received from the hospital.
I (unclear) on my preoperative operation so I just (unclear) called back to the hospital and they could explain a lot of things that I don't understand in a letter that they sent me.
I can't tell anything at all that I had a problem with everything was I just needed providers and everybody got me what I needed.
Personally I would prefer to have a book so that I could see what doctors are on your list because I don't have a list of your doctors and that way I wouldn't have to bother you so much but would have a doctor in mind to choose when I call you.
Everyone the past people I've spoken to at UHC since I have had you as my provider.
I just didn't know which numbers to call to close out the main insurance policy and I didn't know the number really for the prescription drug plan but I was able to find one telephone number and Cynthia helped me close out everything and so did Sherry with the drug plan.
I guess you couldn't have improved it at all because I called to get prices of my medications since I'm in the donut hole.
The service representative I spoke to last year never updated my primary care physician.
I've been trying for over a month to get a CAT scan approved and apparently on your end you had no record that it was ever submitted and it would have been helpful had you called the doctor directly instead of leaving it on my shoulders.
Her family doctor Kep as being the family doctor well pleased with that because I do not feel she gives good doctor treatment when they flip her from doctors to doctors that does not want to treat Down Syndrome.
I'd have to call the doctor and ask them to look at the file and claim because cord was not.
There is a North Medical Supply here in Durham on (unclear) Road but they said that y'all would not accept the Internet or something I couldn't understand her but otherwise as a whole everything went fine.
I've been trying to get a pre approval for surgery and it has been a lot of trouble and I still don't have the approval 2 days before the surgery.
Nothing much to change doctors (unclear) my wife's doctor is going through a (unclear) UHC except to another place so we just gonna change doctors.
I would've liked to be informed before (unclear) the changes to the drugs available to me.
You could do better by paying for my colonoscopy.
I just had surgery so she works with the fact that my surgery they had to rebuild my ear drum.
I think you need more employees like that because I have never had such professional care in my life.
I'm just having problems finding medicines that work for my body.
She answered all my questions and I'm relatively new to Medicare and was just inquiring about a dental rider.
Even checked with a company for me for my problem I was having with my oxygen and but he didn't leave anything undone.
I would like to have a corrected statement from AARP concerning my prescription drug summary that is sent to me monthly.
Then you could start having more doctors in network.
The former doctor I used is no longer in your system.
searched for whatever I needed and I can't remember if we have filled out any forms from United Health.
It's basically just to make sure that the dentists that you refer to are still in network.
I was referred to a dentist and the dentist was no longer in network as of December 31st.
However the one thing that I found very frustrating after I got out of the hospital I needed to get a primary care doctor.
I went through 36 doctors that your insurance company gave me none of which were taking patients.
Brandy did an excellent job in resolving the problem that I had with Optum Rx that started last night.
go for a test so there's no doctor involved.
I needed to number for Optum Fitness Advantage that couldn't be provided to me.
I wish you could've given me a referral to the doctor I needed.
The one thing that I really am having problems with is when my doctors orders something for me I just wanted to get a co-pay amount but it always ends up looking like I'm going to get that drug.
You couldn't give me any help with the medication that my husband is taking.
If you sent a survey on my doctor then sending me the information you wanted soon after I had my appointment would be much easier than sending it months or weeks later.
If you're going to give me dental coverage give me a way to find a dentist.
I think that it would've been nice if Jason would have called the number to my physician to see if there was a credentialing problem.
The last time my husband needed to go see a doctor that wasn't in the network it was credentialing problem and they were able to work it out between the insurance company like UHC and the doctors office.
Giving me the necessary updates and information and I just wanted to tell you that It's wonderful to work with UHC because of the employees.
Have in the booklet and on the website doctors listed as taking dual complete and when I call them they do not take it.
Some of the doctors that are listed have been (unclear) listed as having accepted dual complete for year to year it's never changed.
I asked when was the last time we had an eye exam and how often can I have an eye exam because I needed glasses and did I need an authorization.
Other than I didn't need to have a request put in for a medication.
I just was so confused regarding all the (unclear) drugs and why the shots are some of them are covered under going to the doctor and some of them aren't.
I thought this was a health assessment test.
I wanted to know the amount of the dental insurance and he put me on hold 3 to 4 times.
So if I need to know any more I would check with Jackson Hospital.
I've been calling since April 30th about this same problem with my prescriptions and I'm not happy.
I needed to find out about a provider and it took awhile but I would rather have it take awhile and find out the correct information and my the doctor I wanted to go is in the network so everything was fine.
I called about getting the shingles shot and I was told at the drugstore today that it was $45 and I am not happy with that so I'm not going to get the shot.
It was just that I didn't like the answer that I got and I'm hoping that UHC rethinks that because I can't get it from my doctor.
Y'all called my pharmacy and got everything took care of.
I had a referral for the doctor but no prior authorization for the tests that she had done that very day.
I think more knowledgeable about what I was calling about trying to find a pharmacy in the area that I'm going to be visiting at my cabin.
Helped me check into the doctors and those that are in network.
Because I was not told that my dental and my eye care was going down.
I want to get my mom's issue with her insurance card done a new doctor get him on the card.
The one you guys sent me was very poor because the names of these doctors that she gave me should be in my directory so I don't have to even call and speak to a human being.
The only problem that I had was for some reason this evening Tanya who was the customer service representative that I spoke with could not add the dental writer to my Medicare account.
I was simply looking to add the dental writer to my current Medicare Advantage account.
I called just looking for over the counter medications especially vitamin D and vitamin C which I take normally.
I called the number answered a lot of questions and then had to be transferred to the drug area prescription area.
I need four prescriptions filled and I got no help whatsoever so you get a zero.
(Unclear) medication doses so the pharmacist can get me my medication today.
I wish I had an explanation of benefits that included the out patient surgery portion that I didn't realize I had.
I called to ask for what the ICD 10 code for an annual physical wellness exam is and I did not get that information which is hard to believe when you're encouraging people to do physicals.
I go over in June 1st and have to get medicines.
I would've liked help paying for the shingles shot.
I was hoping that you could find me a doctor for the procedure that I'm trying to have done but unfortunately we have not been able to locate a provider for that.
The rules and regs did not get through to the doctor who was handling my insurance in some format that you had sent them that people under this plan are no longer eligible to partake in that medical practice.
So I just think more information given from the insurance companies and doctors so that their patients.
I got my prior authorization that I needed for my medication.
I need to go to a chiropractor and had questions.
Yes I had a bone density test done and the charge was $150 and UHC denied it.
And it was done by my GP who in the network and I called today to find out why it was denied and they claimed that it's because Medicare doesn't cover it.
But they're now telling me that I have to go through a file and appeal to UHC department in California to write them a letter for them to look at this charge and listen to my appeal.
I wasn't satisfied with with the hospital because they're charging me twice.
I thought they'd be the nursing home would be accepting it.
I have been taken care of in excellent care.
He even made calls to physical therapy group and counseling group to try to make sure that they took Medicare.
And I think you need to regroup and try to get approved people that are on your PPO or dental.
dentists that are on your PPO that would help us find one that would help us get our dental plan.
Everybody I talked to has helped me a lot the only thing is I do not receive a book with the doctors is in.
Faster in approval for injections in your eyes that you need and not wait fourteen days for it would be more helpful.
I was trying to locate a place that sells diabetic shoes and we seem to be having difficulty trying to find where I live and were they on our insurance.
Well the only reason I called today was to find out if I needed any kind of approval or special approval for this injection I'm scheduled to get and I heard a whole lot of other stuff but not that.
We sent (unclear) inside on some upcoming surgery for me and I appreciate that.
I've been trying to get UHC for the last past week.
I'm having some problems locating decent doctors and I gone through a couple so I don't know it's just I'm not totally satisfied with finding the doctors.
She's looking into something for me because I can't seem to get any of my referrals and I also have a question about my doctor so she's gonna help me out with that.
We just found out that I on my plan that I don't have coverage for dentures and I thought sure that I was supposed to have.
Except perhaps contact my doctor to get the billing questions straightened out and apparently you've done that.
The woman that helped me got me 3 different doctors one of them was out of practice and helped me schedule an appointment with whichever doctor I deemed necessary.
She's an excellent worker she worked diligently to get me to any of these doctors which I could've needed my appointment with tomorrow.
They didn't call me until today to tell me that my doctor no longer was taking my insurance.
I think you did everything it's just that I have to wait for a response from Medicare.
I added a platinum dental rider to my plan but I had to speak to the dental part of the company in order to verify that the (unclear) I need to see was in plan and then I got transferred back to the medical part to add the.
the rider and I've been calling on this question about 3 times and I bounce back and forth between dental and medical.
Oh I'm pretty satisfied the only thing is I'm trying to see if I can get a Orthopedic brace for my spine.
Other than maybe email me a list that the doctors recommended.
This time the person found me a doctor that'll do the surgery.
My surgeon can actually do my surgery as soon as June 4th if the authorization came in.
I had to call a lot of doctors listed but they are not accepting this insurance.
I was requesting information on how I would obtain silver sneakers either through your program or through Medicare and neither question was answered.
So I have to dial another number to get to the dental department and when I get to the dental department they can't answer the questions concerning my dental (unclear).
Everything went well I was just changing my primary doctor.
I'm 77 years old and I called 18009509355 spoke to Jennifer and she changed the primary doctor to the correct doctor.
You didn't have my doctor in network okay.
Send out book with dental and vision in it only so I can have a better selection.
I don't know yet because I have three doctors to choose from and let's see if they take my plan.
And I never got a copy of those physicians I have available through your insurance.
I inquired about a phone call I get called Health and Wellness and I was wondering if it was from UHC and they kind of told me that they don't that didn't seem to register with anybody so I can't say.
I went to my local doctor and they do not accept United Healthcare.
Hopefully I can get some sort of other plans from United Healthcare.
I have just received too many calls in the last four months from UHC wanting to know how.
All I want to do is go into your system and see what doctors are part of your program and I don't understand why it has to wait until after June 1.
The person I talked to had to put me on hold and check with the Optum Rx for the information.
I have a hearing problem wear hearing aids and I told her.
Had some place for me to get taken care of other than a emergency room while I'm out of town.
You could really looked at gave me a price for the inhaler that I was calling about but you only sell one kind type of inhaler according to the gentleman I talked to and I'm not like I told him I'm paying four or five hundred dollars for an inhaler that lasts me thirty days and he did not answer any questions he didn't know what he was talking about.
The one thing that could've been better is being given a list of doctors that specialize in geriatrics only.
But that's the only concern and so you might list when you have doctors that have a specialty when they got board certified or when they received that certification in that specialty as in a date.
They wouldn't help me they wouldn't give me not even a Tylenol for I was hurting so bad.
Now what kind of doctor is that that's gonna take an old woman begging for help and tell her to hunt her another doctor.
I just needed to know that you would cover my mammogram.
Did more than I expected by it was (unclear) and got the called the pharmacy herself to get it filled.
For them to get their records right and get me a doctor.
I have to take care of him and usually the (unclear) puts the care receiver first and makes sure that he has all his doctors and dental visits.
And now that I come around to myself I find that the doctors that were given me by UHC for my dentistry are only take people older.
only got one recommended and that's what I was calling for today was the 3 above for the doctors and diabetic supply person to do my diabetic supplies and I would like to have maybe another choice.
I was concerned that to that there was no ID number asked for on my current drug coverage and the name of who was covering me and it was going to Medicare.
Because I get so much special care and I travel all over the world.
I had a question about dental and my dentist people were told that I was not even a member.
I think they only thing that could have been done better would be to actually physically call the (unclear) office that I got the information for and find out if they had doctors available within a short period of time.
It's a mess between the hospital drugs administered and I'm trying to get some satisfaction here.
And apparently the program I was told I'd been using (unclear) through UHC he said wasn't offered by you it was offered by someone else.
I was trying to find a doctor to take care of this (unclear).
I have to check with the drug store where I get my prescriptions.
The person I spoke to told me to get a referral for ongoing continuous care.
I needed to get an organization determination and so I've waited 3 weeks and nothing's happened and now when my doctor calls and I need to go and see him.
The appointment databases don't seem to correspond with the physician's open schedules and there are spaces available at the doctor's office that I found by calling the doctor's office and yet when the agent at UHC tried to find the doctor that I had previously discussed the appointment with she couldn't seem to find it or tried to steer me on to another doctor.
I've never had better service from a UHC representative than I did today with Jennifer.
However I am very disappointed in Medicare's coverage of my medication.
And the other thing is you should hire to find out the doctors that are still active accepting new patients in the Naples Florida area.
The problem was the doctors office who did not understand that.
That's the only thing my doctor said that I need now and I'm not canceling my policy at this time to look for another policy.
I always get satisfaction when I (unclear) at United Healthcare.
The only question that I had for her concerned the work in clinic at Walgreens and she did some research but was unable to give me an answer as to whether it was considered in network or not without having specific address because of my being in the HMO plan.
I will take care of that myself when I go to the clinic to see about issues that I have here in Colorado.
But apparently with a little more research which is what I found out today when I spoke to a gentleman by the name of John that if there is a letter of medical necessity what was as of yesterday not covered here today covered by a letter of medical necessity.
the prescriptions that I'm you know having followed up.
with the lenses under my vision benefit it doesn't say whether it covers bifocals or not.
And the only thing that was sad was that she went through all this work and then we didn't realize that all the work she did is not to avail until I actually tried to get a refill on a medication that is not on your formulary.
You could have told me the shingles vaccine was less than $94 for two parts.
She even held on the line to the doctor's office actually it was a (unclear) office to make sure that it was totally clear with the person on the other end to take care our medical needs.
That is following through an a situation we're going through (unclear) my wife and I with regards to a hospital bed for my mother.
I'm trying to get a referral to see my endocrinologist I've already been seeing so I'm going to call them.
Actually told me what hospital will perform that operation.
Got all the information that they needed at UHC but they say it was too late or something.
When I got my bill for my medicals.
I wanted the medical to stay and the dental to come each month.
She even called Optum Rx for me to find out what was going on with my prescription.
And I don't if you heard this morning that I learned from Optum Rx for the last 3 weeks.
Well the medication that I had to prep with for a colonoscopy it wasn't covered and I had to pay 93 dollars and 45 cents for it.
She's given me the numbers of people I called and she has called my doctor about the insurance problem that I'm having with them and she was.
they need to talk to my doctor before filling my (unclear) prescription.
Because I live an hour and a half away from that doctor and I'm disabled.
So when I go see that doctor and wait for my prescription to be filled because of the laws in that state I can't leave.
because I had no warning about this and the doctor is gonna stop seeing his patients so that he can call the pharmacy and so I can.
I had to go home without my meds and ended up in the hospital because I had run out.
Well they did very well in getting the doctors straightened out (unclear) on the card (unclear).
I've been dealing with this problem for 6 months trying to resolve a bill a mammogram and I just wish we could finally get it solved I hope today we did.
Yes I would've liked everyone to be consistent because my dentist called regarding coverage the dental coverage and they had difficulty accessing it or finding someone to give them the same information.
Maybe there needs to be one straight rule so all the customer people should know give the same message to the dentist or to the client when they call.
I was calling to find out why I'm not eligible for my pharmacy card.
I think the problem was with the doctor and I'm probably going to be looking for a different primary care physician.
You didn't have the list of dentists I needed and I guess you've run out for the year.
You could've just prescribed my medication.
I cannot recommend anything better at this time this was the first call I made to United Health.
I called to see when my last mammogram was and I wish it had not taken so long.
under your program's help a person can find out when they had certain procedures done and not expect patients to know the procedure code.
I called earlier today to get numbers of dentists that would take my insurance and I was given 3 different ones.
But it would've been nice if you knew that my doctor was still a Medicare provider and then I wouldn't have had to make the call.
Possibly call the doctor and got me an appointment set up for me.
Well perhaps if they had been able to get in touch with the hospital that would've been better.
This Brandon is going to send me the booklet for doctors and also for the medications that I never got for this January.
The first I'm looking for a doctor and the first time I was given a name of a doctor and he doesn't do it.
Just help me expedited more and asked for the doctors.
I have to check the list that he gave me because I have to see (unclear) to find a doctor (unclear) and you go to a hospital looking for the doctor they don't treat patient there.
They treat patient but they don't see patient new patient come in from the street.
I need implants and mini implants.
The second thing is the fact that I can't have the drugs that I need for my health is the second.
The only thing I can think of is that they would have called my doctor at that time and find out why he is now out of network but other than that that's all.
And like I said I would recommend UHC to any of my associates or friends family members.
My doctor had given me a hematologist and it wasn't under your umbrella so the doctor's office suggested I try and locate one by calling my UHC and I did and the girl gave me two on Elm Street south of Roswell Cancer Institute so that's.
Tell me why there was an increase in this drug from the last time I got it.
I just had a problem with the Rx division.
I have made 7 different calls to you guys for this incident that I'm trying to get done and seeing if you will pay for it and every time I call I cannot get a specific answer so I am totally disgusted fed up and this young man that helped me today he was smart enough to say maybe the doctor that I had or maybe the information that I got might have been better if I had just gotten a doctor's name where I could've called in and asked about if they would pay for this particular procedure but I have had cancer in 2000.
I have had a tumor in my colon in 2016 and I was supposed to have a follow up in March and I have moved and so I wasn't able to do it in March so now I am trying to get it done so that I will know that there's no repercussions from what I've already had so I am very disgusted with this insurance.
I just came from California where I had excellent insurance had HMO the scan and (unclear) at different times and I think maybe you could learn something from them.
I think the only thing that was discussed was the physical appointment and reward for renewal and I think I should qualify for a wellness award too.
It just all works out well most every time and I'm so grateful to be connected with UHC insurance with Johnson and Johnson.
But I just didn't find out what I wanted to about the medicine.
My issue with a claim that I had during foreign travel with United Healthcare has been going on for over five months and no progress has been made.
What I was looking for was the name of the dentist that I wanted to have put it in that I wanted to change my dental plan to this particular dentist.
The thing that you could have done better was to be able to find whose covered under my insurance.
But yet when I got a 30 day supply of this drug which is a tier three drug that it was gonna cost me a copay of four hundred and five dollars.
When (unclear) did good today on the first time I ever had to contact an insurance company for anything for any information.
I had a question about whether my podiatrist would be covered and the young woman gave me all the information I needed regarding primary care and the podiatry group and everything.
Nothing about the call but you could've let me know that I no longer have chiropractic service.
I almost made an appointment for the chiropractor and I call up and they said I don't have it anymore.
I was looking at dental places that accept your insurance.
all of the lady's name was very accommodating I needed a vacation override on my medications and she explained the policies in that regard.
Was just really surprised at the type of pain medication he's received.
and I guess that we need to check with you before he gets any pain medication.
I think that more information from the insurance to our company that I was trying to get a Glucose meter that they didn't know about would have been helpful.
I have to wait 30 days and I was afraid I would lose my improvement plus silver Rx and the lady says no you don't have to do anything.
I'll follow up on the leads I was given and see if my insurance covers an eye exam.
You could have made this preauthorization nil because the doctor wrote the prescription and if a doctor writes a prescription he means for you to get it.
And now I got to go get a preauthorization for medication that I need.
But anyway I will call the doctor I will get preauthorization hopefully.
(unclear) the person I called regarding a bill that my medical doctor.
primary doctor was billing me for it and I was questioning why UHC did not cover it.
Y'all helped me a great deal and I just have to solve this matter with the doctor in the morning.
It's better that I have the formulary and then I'll know what everything is covered about everything and then I can make a decision about what to do about if I have that cataract surgery.
So I would like to say that I had a very good experience with United Health AARP Medicare Complete this evening.
The unfortunate piece is that the shingles shot is essential for good health and I cannot benefit from insurance until I meet my minimum.
So hopefully I get the issue that I called resolved and it was about finding an acupuncturist because the letter that was sent to me by Health Care Partners the American Specialty Health were unable to help me.
Given me a tier reduction for the medications I need to live by.
my doctor that I had she will do an eye test an eye exam.
I asked for the dental coverage and but she don't have the full coverage informations.
And she told me you're to call tomorrow (unclear) dental department dental (unclear) department and they give you the more answer.
Process my medical power of attorney faster so that I could deal with this issue over the phone.
I had called a couple of days earlier about my eye drops and I didn't realize when I spoke to the other gentleman who actually did a pretty good job that I needed to fulfill my deductible and that's why my eye drop.
She said I hadn't met my deductible because I'm not on any medication hardly at all and she explained to me that that was the reason I had to pay a big price for those eye drops but then my eye drops would be reduced to like $42.
Like I said keep it back up keep it back up for that inhaler dear.
Every time I go to the doctor everything is taken care of.
Now for instance the dietary a doctor for dietary I don't know I don't see anything in the book what is covered at expensively.
That would be helpful because I always had it before with other insurances when I worked.
Today I just found out from the lady that it's Tier Three and it goes to my doctor but (unclear) accurate it seems like.
I was just a little confused about having this same doctor in two different network.
So I'm going to call the dermatologist at South and find out what the deal is.
And I don't understand why a colon cancer screening test in the mail will take a month for me to get.
We never had user names or passwords in my previous contacts here about the pills and so forth the medications.
I need to talk to someone concerning nursing homes I don't haven't talked to the rep.
I think the staff needed more and better information I waited 40 minutes for a response to documents that the company sent and couldn't find and couldn't explain to me after I had spent time with the hospital and the doctor.
I don't know that you could've done anything better problem I have is when they have blood work or lab work done we can't do it in our office of our Cardiologist.
We have to go over to the hospital take a long walk and have it done there that's a complaint that I would have.
So there's a whole lot UHC could have done today specifically to make sure that I got the information I need.
Have my new medication qualified without me having to call everybody to get it qualified.
No I was just calling because I had gone to (unclear) and they were telling me that I didn't have no coverage in UHC.
I said well they haven't called me to let me know anything as they were and that I was gonna be (unclear) or something but I don't know how the insurance I said no I'm staying with United Health.
And that way I wouldn't have had to go through the other or through the Medicare.
He's trying to help me out with my diabetic medicine.
I have been looking for a primary care physician for over two weeks and every time I call United Healthcare they did give me names but none of those doctors accepted the insurance because of WellMed which is (unclear).
Close to twenty doctors I called and I finally found the one and all they had to tell me is to change the part from changing WellMed to North Texas Physicians.
But the I don't think your paperwork or whatever you do is updated to help the client with looking for a new doctor.
I got the correct information from the person I just spoke with but the provider Florida Flagore Hospital got wrong information about the co pay.
But I should've gotten more of information on the hospital and the doctor.
I'll have to wait for my doctor to do something but that's all.
But as you know contact lenses are replaceable every month and 4 boxes was covered (unclear) are only good for 1 year.
It was everything was taken care of and this is my second adventure with UHC since January 1.
So I can go ahead and see my own private chiropractor.
I don't know she did even because they had told me when I called a couple weeks ago to go to the doctor and if I like him call and change doctors.
I'm not really sure but once I talk to my primary care physician I may have more answers.
So I want to thank Rebecca for clearing that up for me regarding Medicare and cataract surgery and replacement glasses.
My concern was not resolved because my doctor changed offices and went to something called (Unclear) and I've seen him since he moved into his new office but UHC cannot find his credentials.
He calls to his office they have also assured me that his credentials were sent to UHC and that I could still continue to see him as he's been my doctor for over ten years and I wanted to be with him and they told me it would be no problem to follow him to his new office but UHC cannot find his credentials.
She even called the doctors office to find out why they were trying to charge me for something that was pricey for me.
And I have to have 3 days before my doctor's appointment just to (unclear) take the bus just to transfer to the (unclear) to the doctor.
It should be approved because of medical necessity and I just wish that that would be something that could be consider for my area occipital nerve block should be allowed in my area.
The only reason I did not was because I want to wait and make sure that I get my prescriptions as they were ordered otherwise she was wonderful.
She said she'd refer me back to the company but the company referred me to UHC so that's something that she should resolve.
She gave me more information about Medicare coverage than anyone including when I joined.
The only thing you could've done better was to cover the prescription that my doctor tells me will really help me.
If I can't get the alternative I just have to do without medication.
With my last 2 previous doctors my Gastologist and my hypertension (unclear) doctor Doctor (unclear) and my Gastologist Doctor (unclear) do not take this insurance.
it was a 1 time deal and I thought this was gonna be my regular medication.
I guess it's probably I'm thinking about not necessarily the representative she did fine it's just I was sort of a little aggravated that my routine EKG I have to request the reports to my doctor and get billed for it.
my medication description and she went through all the records and so forth and she gave me a (unclear) which is actually a (unclear) the doctor contact.
I don't think you could have done any better because the gentleman who helped me said he was gonna mail a list of medical doctors' who are available.
I was told I called in March but anyway I was told you didn't have a booklet for me to pick another primary care physician.
I was given the number of dentists that you all give service to however we had our own dental Dental Care of Hollywood.
someone could please reach out to Dental Care of Hollywood it would be greatly appreciated then I would have to switch dentists.
All I know is I need a new doctor.
They gave me the wrong information which made me go back to a doctor couldn't get glasses couldn't get lens.
I'm a patient for the medication that I need it turns out the generic medication I was provided at my last of picking up the (unclear) doesn't work well.
It has an adverse effect on me and I guess I have to have my doctor call someone so that would've been helpful to be able to fix that all in one call.
We have (unclear) medical 'cause I travel and then they come up here to my doctor today and now I'm going to the emergency room and they.
You should give Diana some recognition for how she's handled my switching to find a primary physician.
The claim was processed very quickly and now I got to call the medical facility and see why they haven't reacted as quickly as you have.
I just wish we would've had a dentist in my home town in network.
when claims sent by my dentist are approved or denied not only denied.
I got a Zoster vaccine and I thought it should be free and we were towards the middle or the end of our conversation when I finally discovered that that Zoster vaccine falls under the category of pharmacy rather than medical.
Most people think vaccines that you receive are covered under medical.
So naturally I was thinking that the Zoster vaccine would be covered under medical but she's saying it's under pharmaceutical.
You could start informing people of what doctors are available what doctors have dropped out of your service in network.
The only thing I mean could be approved the medical item that I needed and the reason that I call.
Except get the board of education to change and have acupuncture covered under my policy.
I had just called about a prescription and it's just a brand new prescription that is just too expensive to be filled right now.
You could have listed more of the rewards that would be that are available to me like the bone tissue to test the colon screening and eye exam for diabetes and the mammogram.
Make sure the doctors in your system have their set up to accept new patients when they do or be able to automatically say yes (unclear) existing patient so that you know there's no problems and no call backs to try to resolve issues or find out you may not a patient may or may not be able to go to an appointment.
I thought I didn't have a hospital that was covered.
It was not your fault but I was at the doctor and the doctor thought that he had to get prior authorization for a test.
I just needed my particular dentist within the dental plan.
I'm trying to find out if I'm going to get an EOB for my drug coverage and she never really answered that question.
upset that my initial primary doctor is not in the system anymore.
then that makes us pay say two doctors where if we didn't need a referral we would only have had to see one doctor.
I had received a claim in my mailing that was for hospital services for the month of April and I was not in the hospital for month of April.
But your agent said that they had no record of me being in the hospital ever that I was charged the insurance was for anything in the hospital.
So I didn't really get the issue resolved I guess I'll just wait to see if I'm billed by the hospital for services which they did not render.
I get the proper care and I thank the good Lord and the insurance company.
Very good to be explained what options I have which doctors I can choose and even the help of calling the doctors and making an appointment for me.
Well I was looking to find a doctor once I was put on Medicare because the original one no longer had the office and the (unclear) doctor's office weren't taking new patients.
I did get 3 possibilities I'm going to find out about that but if they had a rating for these doctors that would've helped me somewhat.
if they have some sort of rating for the doctor it would be helpful.
However there was a problem at one thing and even though she told me that it would be taken care of it doesn't effect what my (unclear) card for anything.
You couldn't get the issue resolved regarding a procedure that my dermatologist requires.
The only problem I'm having is if I could get the explanation of benefits statement in a met.
Because I wait to get that with the statement from the doctor that matched the two before I pay.
I would never ever refer anyone to UHC if that's the way that the system works.
The main thing that I didn't know was that UHC was basically a broker for other plans so that maybe we could find a more reasonable plan.
I'm not willing to pay a late penalty because I have had prescription coverage.
All I was interested in was to check on my dental insurance and the young man helped me.
I'm a professor of nursing and I find it really very hard to understand the waste of money that it takes to get medications authorized for patients like me.
I got all the information I needed and I got help switching my doctor and everything.
I don't have that doctor listed but you couldn't provide his name.
I called to get a new physician and that's what she did for me.
She helped me find a new physician to go to.
The only thing I could say is (unclear) my new dialysis center.
I finally did with this Fanessa but like I said it took 5 times and I'm having surgery I don't need this kind of stress right now.
It's about a medication that I'm taking and I've been without it for four days so I need someone to please call me back please.
No I had called about some billing that I had and they were only able to give me information for my prescription plan so I was trying to find out what my medical plan what that it paid and did they receive it.
I was not getting my first statement so I need my prescriptions and if everything done monthly that would've been great.
I'm going through a numerous amount of MRIs and stuff 'cause I had a brain tumor now in my heart.
I've never had a UHC representative that was as good as him.
It could've been that they didn't take the medication off the formula that I was already taking.
If they'd have left it alone and left it on their formula that would've really helped me because I'm stable with that medicine and it was a generic medicine to start with and I already tried different ones.
(Unclear) actually call the hospital and let them know that I would not be charged for an admission fee.
Explain the process differently or please explain the process (unclear) told today I've never done on any other referral I've had.
I just needed to know whether or not you covered a procedure and I was told that I had to actually have my doctor contact you directly to verify this procedure and that's I'm totally confused with that.
Next time I got to the pharmacy to get my medicine I don't expect to be told I have it at two different pharmacies.
(unclear) name was (unclear) and I am a diabetic with.
So I'm gonna call now and make an eye doctor appointment.
I had to call the doctor to see if there's an alternative.
The only reason I spotted it was because I got the paperwork from the insurance company and they told me that I was being billed for a wellness visit.
I had her check five of my doctor's to see if they were part of my health plan since I transferred from Anthem Blue Cross so I was very satisfied.
The only thing is this conversation was excellent but I was not notified that there was a hold put on my medication and I would have appreciated either an email or a telephone call stating such fortunately I have enough meds until this new one arrives but that would have been most helpful other than that everything is fine and I do like ordering from Optum Rx again thank you so much bye.
So I'm as satisfied as I can be right now I assume that the doctor of a chiropractor will call for benefits and see what's covered.
They have been very helpful and I don't have any problem using them with my doctors.
The reason I gave a 9 on that last answer was because the doctor who started the system that we're all dealing with.
Because we need to improve the doctors and their service (unclear) why I answered like I did.
I wanted a list of pharmacy providers and I want given that they did say that the one pharmacy my question was on the provider list thank you.
So that then I could've filed another provider to help me with my medical problem and medication and that you know would've been very fair.
Well whenever you were calling in to have my prescriptions reduced to a different copay there was two prescriptions but there was only one that was done.
So I had to do without that medication seventy two more hours.
I don't have a thing the only problem I had was that the doctor I wanted isn't taking new patients right now otherwise everything was fine.
But I was (unclear) have to pay twenty percent on this eye surgery which is my supposedly coverage.
On your computer applications when you go through the steps to research a drug and you put in the name of the drug and then it asks you the dose and the frequency.
I do not get the right person until the 3rd call that I made that I made to United Health to get the information that I needed.
It has to do with the fact that your company is has caused the problem for me and for many of the patients.
We live in Florida and the doctor on my new card that came today is from Michigan.
The person who handled my inquiry to UHC is a special person who went above and beyond the call of duty.
And I have (unclear) my advocate and they said they have nothing to do with scheduling me with a doctor.
I had a question about whether the mammogram what I would have to pay for the mammogram and she didn't know if there was a difference if it was a diagnostic mammogram or a routine mammogram and that's what I was trying to find out.
Was how much I was gonna have to pay for the mammogram the diagnostic one where they already found the lump in my breast.
Took care of my problem and gave me some information on some other things I didn't realize.
Very patient with everything she has worked through because of my medical not writing down the right numbers.
But there should be someway that I can get the status of the PPO and HMO.
Well I asked to change my doctor a week ago and it hasn't been done yet so following through on something is important.
Had me in the Midwest West network so that I could get orthopaedic that I want.
Yeah you made me wait a month to get permission to get a PET scan and I had to call and I'm told that I was denied the PET scan 3 days ago and it's in the mail and this is something that's being done to check me for lung cancer that my doctor is very.
I was not given a new prescription but evidently this is what the doctor had to do to find out what your eye vision is but my prescription remains the same.
And I just don't appreciate having to pay $65 for a prescription that was not changed.
the first lady sent me to the wrong department in trying to get denture insurance on my plan.
Thank you for Bev for all the help you gave me and I'm having trouble finding a close by dentist that accepts United Healthcare.
I would like it if we didn't have to get permission slip from a doctor to see another doctor.
I do not understand why my husband does not get the $25 cancer screening reward amount.
She explained that only certain members received that and we are both members through the educators plan and I don't understand why he doesn't receive it if I receive it.
Help me to find out how or who I can get a referral to.
They said I need referral for my eye glasses after my cataract surgery but I don't understand how that works nor did the agent.
I was hoping I can at least find out that there is dental care (unclear) in my health care because I need it.
Overall every time that I've had an issue and I've called UHC for my plan I've always been very happy with response.
People get me that number because I am being billed by my doctor for a minor.
Twice it was resubmitted by my doctor and is yet.
Customer services could not help me at all other than have the doctor resubmit it with an MBC number.
It's just that my doctor seems to have been not diligent and submitted the bill way after the allowable time.
Maybe had the figures I was going to have to put out of pocket for a scheduled surgery I have.
(Unclear) I kept saying I need to file a mental health claim.
I called about improved hearing aid being available beyond the scope of what our single supplier for hearing aids have and the one thing you could do is provide us with a full spectrum of the most advanced hearing aids.
I had to make 3 calls and in 12 minutes I still didn't get them but I ended up calling the regular UHC Medicare Advantage people.
My physiatrist almost killed me and you all have it in your records.
He overdosed me with Lithium 900 milligram a day and 400 milligram of (unclear).
Mick at IECares was available and again I didn't get him last week.
All I am concerned about is a letter that UHC said they sent me and I don't have it.
The one thing you could have done better for me is that I have duel insurance and then I wouldn't have to call.
Yes I needed to speak to ask a nurse about some possible medical.
taking too much medication but I don't think ask a nurse is open today.
I would appreciate it if ask a nurse was open.
I called to get a refill and I used the phone number that is on my medication bottle from Optum Rx and I dialed the phone number and instead of it going to Optum Rx specifically it went to UHC which brings the customer through this myriad of questions and a very difficult phone tree by the way to get to the pharmacy part of UHC that I needed.
I made two phone calls to UHC today the first time the woman hung up on me so I don't know what the problem is.
And I'm doubling checking today and it is off but it help up a prescription it was just a real pain in the neck so to speak.
The problem was that something was done wrong at the the doctors office and we're trying to straighten that out thank you very much.
I was told that they could not help me that I needed to call AR Medicare membership.
maybe twice now I did not call ahead of time in order to get my medicine on time.
So now I will call AARP Medicare.
I also received an explanation of benefits saying that I had been to for a consult to get a prescription for glasses.
I did not go to see a doctor for a prescription for glasses.
Well I think you should have steeped up for the necessary medication I needed at the time.
Have somebody available who could answer questions about my dental coverage.
I needed to know about an urgent care facility.
My program my plan did not pay for part of medications and she was very hard to understand as to know why.
She went through every point and we were (unclear) and did extra to make sure any other problems I may have in the future will be taken care of.
I was under the impression that this current administration in Washington was supposed to be negotiating more lowered drug costs from these drug manufactures.
I was trying to get an emergency one pill or a couple pills prescription for a heart medication.
So fortunately then I went through Optum and the nurse line and they were able to get it so that I could go back to that Walgreens and this time they would allow me to pick up some one or some of the medication I needed.
Well I (unclear) disorder that had been diagnosed when I was 17 years old (unclear) and he performed surgery on me (unclear) or get my (unclear) called (unclear) that was supposed to be (unclear) heart.
I've got another doctor's appointment that was it for my (unclear) on the first and scheduled a what do you call it mammogram and all that.
Could have provided the person who answered the phone with the knowledge about the (unclear) vaccine because that person has to check with someone else to find out if one needs this one patient needs one dose or a second dose.
I needed an agent for my care.
My main beef has been with the programs and the plans that you offer there and she did her best to explain the situation as they refer to prescription drugs.
I have had my doctor call your office or your department about this medication.
The only reason I had to get off is because I'm a diabetic and my husband is.
Instead of all of a sudden just quit paying for our prescriptions with no explanation.
And it's making it very difficult now for the doctors to have to send all kinds of medical records in.
The lady I spoke with took offense at the fact that I called about not recalling this doctor or whoever it was that received payment for something I do not recall.
Zachary needs to be retrained in knowing not to give the patients the lowest number he would be paying for a product.
I spoke to Mary who gave me a lot of additional information lower our drug cost.
I would have liked to have spoke to someone that had a medical background either a nurse or a practitioner.
I asked that neurology they said to call you you're telling me to call Medicare.
So anyhow I had great help I just wish your copays for physical therapy were less that's pretty steep.
The only thing that I have is not the right enough information from the hospital.
I wish that we had dental coverage for extractions for teeth.
I would've liked to have known what my next copay was going to be for this procedure.
I wanted to know what drugs were on the formulary and I couldn't find on that website.
Provided more information about what my situation might be for drug coverage if I were hospitalized and something was not covered in my plan.
To me it seems that I should go to the pharmacy say I need a vacation script.
The young lady the representative is on the phone trying to get my doctor and explain to the office why I don't owe anything else for a physical and I have to be on my way to the dentist so that's what's cutting this short but to shorten it United Health is wonderful.
Make it easier to find doctors that will participate in your plan thank you.
Hoping that the doctor specialist when they order medication if it is expensive they need to let the patient know.
Hello I was looking for an urgent care I couldn't find it online.
the only thing I can think of is that you would have been able to get a hold of my doctor but that was not necessarily your fault.
According to my heart doctor I owe $109.
I mean they tell me that I changed plans and they tell me to go to a primary care.
And then they tell me I don't go to one but then they tell me he's no longer on the plan so they send me to another doctor and I go to that doctor establish rapport with him and then I get a letter from you saying that the first doctor is on the plan that you made a mistake.
When is comes to acupuncture it was really not too not clear okay that could be modified to say acupuncture will only be paid for as anesthesia what a nice clear explanation.
Somebody somewhere with UHC needs to correct that problem.
My problem was I'm being charged for being in a hospital for the day that I was in the hospital after surgery.
I would like to be told that the physical therapy after surgery did not cost a 40 dollar co pay.
(Unclear) found some other type of medication I could've taken that was cheaper but thank you anyway.
Agent was not able to understand my questions about coverage under my policy.
I was provided information that was incorrect about my dental coverage.
I found out that doctor Kosek at South Dentist Dental Care is not in the plan.
She called 18004459090 and that is where the dental plan which I was thinking I was talking to someone at they were able to verify that Dr.
Well I just wish there was more vision centers in my area to choose from to have an eye exam.
I wanted the result of a certain test and unfortunately you don't access to the medical records and I guess that's a safeguard.
The man gave a lot of explanation but it's still very difficult to get a couple of prescriptions that I require.
Going to the doctors and having the doctor contact the doctor involved and I it's very frustrating because before UHC this was not necessary.
So I am very satisfied with this service and would recommend it to anyone who needs a prescription drug plan.
like I had called to try to get information for a doctor list that took him awhile to send it to me that's the only complaint I have.
Just wanted an appointment with a doctor (unclear) to get an eye test and I got the (unclear) been on the phone over an hour.
(Unclear) answer my (unclear) a lot of doctors to go to the consultation for my son.
One should be able to make one phone call that they need a prescription fill for vacation and have it finished.
He gave me extra excellent care and I hope everything goes through about my medicine Tier for Tier 2.
I had called to find out but because I am new to UHC and just needed some basic information.
I have been working with UHC for a long time now.
Notify the doctor involved didn't change my primary care physician as well as notifying me prior to sending me a new card.
You could've given me the price of the drug that you discontinued covering.
Now I'm told you know there's two other ways to do this and or one of the recommendations is a drug that we would cover a different drug you would cover for 40% of the cost but she couldn't tell me the cost.
The other problem was of this same kind of thing that I should call my doctor and ask for a formulary reacception request and again it would cover the 40% of the cost of the drug that I don't know the cost of the drug.
Leslie the person who assisted me would file a complaint under my name to resolve the internet problem of Optum Rx for the (unclear) of my medications.
A prescription I was hoping you cover you don't cover.
I was trying to get a better price on a prescription drug.
And let me tell you a lot of patience he had with me because I had 101 questions because they're asking me my medication they're overcharging me.
I've made 4 calls trying to get the proper primary care physician on my card.
You helped me with information as far as my medication.
he has to have the capability of faxing to me the list of medications that are available for me that are covered under my insurance.
I was quoted a certain price for a drug for this particular drug but when I got billed it was an entirely different price.
And I didn't have to wait too long (unclear) I waited a long time (unclear) wait period was very good.
Explained why I did not get a new chart for my prescriptions during the month of April.
I wish my doctor and them would help me more in getting things done for me than what they done.
The gentleman just (unclear) try to get through to a doctor to find out what our appointment time was.
Chris really was my simple question was do I have to wait a full twelve months between my annual wellness visits.
That the wellness visit if I go in the next two days or so because I'm not going to be here it's been six months since I had my physical I want to get another one because I may not be here in another six months to get it.
And you know my doctor will get the right papers to you.
Everything that Kim was asked she was able to answer except for the exact amount Medicare would pay for a sleep study procedure and I just needed that to know kind of to be prepared what my four percent would be.
But it would be helpful if Medicare would provide an up to date cost of the treatment that I was to have which was a sleep study (unclear).
I have to wait a whole month to change a doctor and my doctor is already gone.
He's gone from the practice and I've been without him for two weeks now and I'm trying to find another doctor and then you know having to wait the whole month before I can see another doctor.
But to have to wait a whole month to be able to get a new doctor that does upset me.
Having to get into the website directed to other websites has been spending an hour over an hour trying to get looking for a dentist my husband has dental insurance with Medicare Complete.
They helped me out in finding a doctor for my dad.
But I wish that they had more providers (unclear) pain management.
Well I wish you would've said I could've did the new bone density test.
Rather than directing me to medical suppliers I would have appreciated someone accepting the all and the need with the prescription and doing the need for to provide me the instrument I need.
But somehow or other we were not aware that Quest Diagnostics was totally correct when the Quest put in a claim against the blood for a blood test to Medicare.
one of the things I mostly liked was that I don't have to take references to any doctor or anything.
If this comes up again it's terribly hard for chronic pain management patients like myself to get their opiate pain management prescriptions filled when they move.
So we need something that would tied us over in this transition period between the time my prescriptions run out from our provider where me moved from into a new area.
My complaint is regarding your statement regarding results of a office visit I had with the doctor.
To me I interpreted that to me that it was still due to the doctor after I paid the copay.
And you probably know that all doctors require the copayment at the time of the appointment so nothing was due.
And it looks like I'm going to have to wait another month or 2 before I can even get my prescriptions.
It seems like the person I talked to have never heard about Mayo Clinic and I didn't get anywhere with her.
And the problem with it is is they're either not in your network or they're with UHC but not an HMO.
I suppose the one thing that could have been better would be to have before adding the dental rider to be sure that my to be able to that if you guys could've checked to see if my dentist is affiliated with you.
I think when a doctor drops out of your plan you should notify us because I did not know my doctor dropped out of the plan.
Actually you did as much as you could but the problem couldn't be resolved because they couldn't reach the dental provider.
I would've liked to know more about my benefits on dental.
I weigh 90 to 92 pounds and I am being denied a prescription that I need to gain weight.
It took too long to get it authorized and my blood pressure is 230 over 130.
You could've responded in a reasonable way to a request that you denied one time for the same doctor that you've already approved four times for the same service.
I'm with the department to check to see if I have the right to a doctor or not and I got this gentleman who was very polite but he's left me now.
The only thing I don't like is that the doctors that I have especially the surgeons because I have problems with my hip and they don't accept my insurance.
It's truly a bad time because I don't want to change doctors and at this time of my life.
Instead of me have to call the doctor and find out he's not in the network.
I was just checking to make sure I'm eligible and I was checking on when my prescriptions would ship but I'm not eligible until the first of June.
All I needed to do was change doctors and the young lady did that with the greatest of speed and I'm a happy camper.
But I have been in the last 6 months so dissatisfied I don't know that I can rejoin UHC thank you.
So that was needed to know when my last physical was but she could only check through my doctors.
But my last physical may not have been with this doctor it may have been with a different doctor so she needed to be able to check through other than the doctor so that doesn't sound like it's asking too much but what do I know.
I got a recorded message earlier today from UHC but I couldn't access into the phone call because there was a recorded one so I had to use my UHC card to find out they said they were offering something that would be beneficial to my health coverage.
I have to wait and see what the doctor says before all my questions can be answered.
I called to get a price of the surgery that I have scheduled in 3 weeks and no one could get it for me.
It does say specialized scans and I hope that that's included but this particular scan is not listed so it would've been helpful but perhaps it's just not something that's used that much so that's my comment.
It would've helped if I would've known about the insurance not available.
I had the dental plan and then my card says I have the dental plan and went I went there they.
to the dentist they said I didn't have the insurance.
I called up to verify that a doctor is in network and they said you're trying to change your doctor.
I was covered on it after I go through the doctor.
I didn't like that I had to $300 for medicine one month and then the rest of them would be 100 since it was a stage 4.
My telephone conversation trying to get an out of state doctor to help me.
(Unclear) had a list of my medications 'cause now I gotta call back.
The next time that a physician retires or goes out of network it would be nice for United Healthcare to notify me.
That I need to find a new physician or one will be assigned for me.
I had a good customer service agent that took care of all my needs.
I don't think you could've done any better because I got all my questions answered and then I got the help with what I needed to get where the doctors are located at.
Basically not sure if the there's a good understanding of members of the medical profession you know like when I go to a procedure and there's an anestheologist or assigned I shouldn't be the one to decide if he's in the network or not you know.
Okay I am Sharon Ricklef and I had an issue with a drug that I am taking (unclear) and that is because it needed to be addressed with Briova okay pharmacy the specialty pharmacy that you use.
Well my doctor was not aware of it and ended up doing a request for the drug because it's an injectable and Optum Rx does not service injectables.
And then the denial was sent to me which didn't help either because the doctor already resent and I contacted the doctor to tell him it was Briova that was my pharmacy and that was who he needed to address this issue.
So what you need to do is have a better line of connection with your pharmacy because I even talked to somebody in Optum Rx that told me they do not get direct line to Briova.
As an agent I was really shocked because I'm thinking if it was a regular customer of mine would've thought that UHC disapproved their drug.
Well I got the information that I need and they will be shipping out my medications so I'm very happy about that.
I didn't understand that you people had to call my doctor's office just like I would have called my doctor's office.
A little more in depth research on the doctor said you can drugs available to treat my condition.
But anyhow I was looking for surgery and couldn't get any specific details on which bariatric surgery would covered 'cause there are like what four different types.
You could have not made my drug be a tier four drug.
You denied me the hospital when I was in the hospital.
(Unclear) followed up on these cancellations with me or with a doctor rather than just letting it hang out there and me sitting here waiting for my medication.
Not much unless you handled the particular drugs I was asking about.
Well I was disappointed that the doctors that I had for over 20 years weren't in the network so that prompt me now to go and find me 3 doctors which is my urologist my cardiologist and my GI doctor that I have to find new doctors because they are not in the network.
Because as soon as I said I was calling about an individual AARP Medicare Complete HMO plan she switched me to another number.
Keep doing what you're doing now and I've had two other calls with UHC and had the same experience.
No I just needed a book or I need a book of providers to doctors that I can go to but other than that I'm okay with the way you guys have helped us before.
The one thing that could have been better was to allow me to transfer from the sneaker fitness exercise program to arrive to and from the doctor.
I was calling about my medication I had received some correspondence in the mail telling me that my medication that was not formulated was temporarily covered.
It is very fact no doctors are want to take you it's a problem with a medications and I'm very disappointed.
They should give you a doctor that has that kind of personnel.
Well I go to the doctor because I'm having a problem and I'm taking 40 milligrams of something and they decided to send me a prescription for 10 milligrams.
Jason the customer service rep that I spoke to solved my problem that even the pharmacy couldn't figure out.
So therefore unfortunately the Optum RX person and the UHC person were not able to help me any further and the only thing that was suggested that I write again to the appeals and grievances departments.
I (unclear) the last thing I got was a medication (unclear) because I have severe arthritis and that's the only thing that I know right now that I haven't had any I have any problems with and that came from (unclear).
So how do I handle a prescription and.
When I call for a doctor make sure they take UHC.
I've been sent to doctors that do not take it.
I have really difficult experience getting a doctor to see me because the doctors given to me were not in the network.
The doctors provided by UHC or they had moved but finally I got one that was in the network and she could see me.
This Optum Rx they are not properly counting the pills that they send out.
I got 2 unused bottles of medication and I still had.
Well I still don't have a doctor appointment and I still can't get through to any doctors.
My doctor was (unclear) get referral from your company and when they actually did he had to do a lot of digging.
My question is why did I receive the letter from AARP UHC in the first place.
I got a letter saying that Medicare has (unclear).
I've been trying since before May 17th to get a new card because my primary care doctor closed her office and I had to select a new one.
It's not due to an issue with UHC but an issue with the physician so I want to say that UHC Joy at UHC was excellent.
My doctor inadvertently called for it by the regular name and not the generic apparently.
Or at least give me an idea of when to (unclear) because at the present time that money is what I use to pay for my next treatments of chemotherapy.
And so far I haven't had the money to pay for more (unclear) therapy since February.
And I will look and call the Breast Cancer Society to find out why we can't have it every year.
I was told about cataract surgery but there wasn't anything about cornea transplant which is more than.
cataract I meant the cataract (unclear) but then I'll have to get cornea transplants and I needed glasses after that so.
Just trying to find out if they were covered for real.
They did not fall under the cover a cornea transplant but it was cataract.
She called the doctors office to make sure they accept my.
you all can get some acupuncture doctors on my list.
If they don't get a prescription filled like within a certain amount of time it's denied.
She even went an extra step to see if she could get a discount on a medication that I needed which she doesn't receive from me.
My name is Sofia Moreno and I have recommend various clients to UHC because of your great service.
I just called regarding the shingles shot to make sure I was charged the correct price at the Walgreens store I went to.
It's just very disappointing to be taken have one drug taken out of a formulary and I have to go through all of this business possibly every year.
I'm new to Medicaid and the question I had was answered to my satisfaction and took away all my worries.
Got me a better price on my medication I can't afford the $300 a month for one medication.
She is going to have to call my pharmacy back in about 45 minutes because the pharmacy was closed.
So I will be switching I think from UHC back to a supplemental plan with Medicare.
You could've covered this machine that I should use so I don't have to press prick my fingers every single day several times a day to check my sugar.
Trying to verify denied claims for dental care and giving the dentist the okay to go ahead with procedures very much needed teeth care.
I think the clarification as to whether or not I'm eligible for the pneumonia shot which I believe is called Prevna 13.
The pharmacist is the one who informed me that UHC denied it.
Now I'm told that it is covered but they're not sure whether it's the Prevna 13 or some other pneumonia shot.
All I know is they could if it is possible and I'm in the process of trying that to find me a dentist because I've been calling for.
since December and I haven't been able to find a dentist yet.
I talked with the renew plan for my wellness visit and I don't think it could be any better.
We got the middle grounds and everything was just beautiful and I don't have no desire to be concerned or overwhelmed and I'm going to get my medicine some time in June.
Had a problem getting to you and I don't know why my prescription was (unclear).
I can't order online (unclear) my meds.
for reimbursements on some medications that I had.
I do have that number now for future use if I need it.
Pre approve the medicine my doctor ordered for me and stop trying to be my doctor.
I got all the information I needed out of the dental plan and that's what I needed.
He helped me through finding exactly what I needed to find concerning a copay for an echocardiogram.
I had called regarding a price increase and I have a feeling that the pharmacy charged me for three 30 capsule bottles of Timoxifin rather than at the 90 day rate and the your customer service representative suggested that I go over to the pharmacy and question them because the retail price of the drug has remained the same as what it was 90 days ago.
I'm satisfied with my questions and they were answered and the only thing I would say is if they could double check to see if the doctors that were questioning are on the network that's the problem.
Then I go to the doctor and they say they're not.
No you could've got my referral there a little bit quicker so I could've seen the doctor.
Well I called in regards to a procedure my husband's having where they put dye in your body and do various tests.
The request from my doctor for a CT Monogram could've been approved instead of causing me to have blood pressure at 176/121.
Jim who helped me was extremely helpful even going to the point of calling my pharmacy and asking them questions about the prescription that I needed and why such a high cost copay for me.
So maybe you can look into it and improve the services because all the doctors I was going to are not accepted this year.
Me not having to go through so many agents in order to get my problem solved.
They removed my doctor and assigned me another one and my doctor is still part of the system.
And let me talk when I had to but then responded when appropriate so I know how to fill out the form from Quest Diagnostic understanding the designation of primary and secondary under my plan is no long applicable.
I don't think there was anything you could've done he's going to look into it and take care of the problem that I requested the care for.
Y'all have done real good I was just expecting to get the eye exam for my husband with the renew other than that y'all have done great.
I go to CVS because you know.
or can answer better after I call these doctors and see if they take the plan.
On an earlier call the representative didn't know that chemo therapy drugs came from Briova RX and so that probably should be said out to your people.
I was just trying to find out what vaccines would be covered on my trip to Africa.
there were people that there was an urgent care clinic that didn't you know call itself a family practice in your directory.
Doctors that hadn't been in business so I had tried it first then went to a CSR in this case Lauren.
I call last week but it wasn't finished yet with for Medicare to approve it.
It's just that I don't get the issue resolved until I go to the pharmacy.
I live up here in Divide and so I found a doctor that's right there that will impart family medicine.
That she resolved the issue with the emergency room physicians that I had a issue with.
I need a list of doctors that are on my plan.
being sent to a psychiatrist who will be able to manage my case.
The preliminary call and I'll probably need to call back and talk after my doctor has talked to UHC.
She couldn't tell me what the medication was that I'm being charged for.
So now I have to go back to the Cleveland Clinic and find this out.
It's just unusual that you know I wasn't able to find out what this medication was for.
I mean it was an outpatient surgery.
I've been on the phone for almost one hour trying to get someone that can help me with this why my Hydrocortisone and Fludnicortisone are not receiving any help from you guys with the payment on those two drugs that I have to have because I have (unclear) disease.
It seems that the physical therapy should be more reasonable and should not have to be paid as a 25 dollar copay every time you have physical therapy.
And when you have all of those times for physical therapy it seems that the 25 dollars should cover physical therapy in total.
I wanted to know if I were able to get the colon cancer screening award if I was scheduled for that.
Erika did a great job and she's sending me a list of physicians so everything is taken care of.
The agent was wonderful I'm just hoping that the drug Aimovig for migraines which is already FDA approved is on your formulary because I have a lot of trouble with migraines thank you.
When Ms Barbara said them dental benefits she broke them benefits down work for work.
It took 3 days the machine was (unclear) busy all the time (unclear) had to wait 3 days before we got to (unclear) patient in.
I don't really remember getting the change and eye and dental package before they changed the price on it.
Got me my original doctor and I thank her (unclear) my blood pressure has gone up and now that's your problem anyway thank you for Raquel.
She was very helpful friendly thorough and she had more on hold while she called the doctor's office to verify my question about having any co pay or anything like that and she answered it totally and she said if this doctor doesn't work out if I need to (unclear) just call back and I'll just switch doctors to find that will cover it.
some blood work and a ultrasound (unclear) specialist I was referred to (unclear) PCP was to have done was to see if it was covered and the ultra sound I think is covered but I will be responsible 20 percent of some unknown number.
There was confusion on whether I had a HMO or a PPO.
I have had trouble with you guys from day one with my prescriptions.
However they blocked anything that would be a change in her medicine without her being here which means she's going to have to make a separate call for that.
No need to call me because I visit my doctor at least four times a year.
It took her way too long to try to find it and she actually said at one point oh it looks like it could be depends on the doctor first.
We both have to take iron medication and it's costing us (unclear) $50 a month and that's ridiculous for iron pills.
It was ordered by the doctor and they say we can't get the exact thing over the counter.
That should be standard on any formulary and I wish I could get some help about it.
I mean I was disappointed that I will have to go to the next tier cuz I'm on two regular drugs.
Like for instance today I was asking about the contact lenses benefits in my eye coverage.
Which was the case in Arizona I could get the exam I could get the lenses you didn't cover the fitting that would've been $50 out of pocket I couldn't do it.
I got a huge fights with my doctor over it and you know.
Find the anesthesiology company I was looking for who is going to provide my anesthesia for my operation I'm going to have at (unclear) Hospital in (unclear) Florida or (unclear) Florida.
we had to go through all the looking to see if the tests that I've scheduled to take are covered.
It's Cleveland Clinic so I am going to call Cleveland Clinic to get it resolved and thank you.
I'm trying to assist my father who's 86 years old and tried to help him and get him moved because of his health condition.
Help me find a doctor but she gave me a number to help do that.
Try to get my prescription drug that I'm having problems with down lower.
the doctor that I thought was in network is not.
So I've got to go back and do a little bit more research on a new primary care physician.
I need help with my dentist.
I just appreciate the help to get a doctor.
And I've been trying to get my primary care physician on there for almost a month.
And you know we still don't have a primary care physician on our account.
It just seems like if they can assign me a primary care doctor at random and not the one I chose when I filled out my application that they should be able to put the correct doctor onto my pharmacy and my card.
she stayed with me until I understood my prescription benefits.
I was switched to the pharmacy provider to inquire about getting a script filled.
So I need to check with my pharmacy and let them contact UHC.
I wish you'd had more information on the doctor that you said he would no longer cover.
She was able to take care of everything for me.
I could not ascertain from the individual just exactly how much I was going to have to pay because the provider is a non physician provider.
She knew exactly what type of a eye doctor I needed.
My rheumatologist wants to put me on a medication that can cost up to $10000 a year.
(Unclear) Mari answered every one of my questions and I think he deserves a 10 survey and so the UHC 10 survey.
Just assist the pharmacy technicians rightly so we don't have to go through one phone to another phone like from doctors to pharmacy.
It would've been helpful if Medicare had covered Interosa.
I really appreciate it and will recommend you to other people in my age group for the Medicare drug supplement.
What he could do is I don't have to pay so much money for my prescription.
Could have told me everything a patient would know to access that coverage.
I was actually trying to reach your prescription drug distributor company Optum Rx.
I could at least be doing some things to go by to research because for ten days after the issuance of my policy I would have no PCP.
Actually nothing completely satisfied with Peggy your representative who helped me understand the changes in the prescription plan.
Nothing because Dee called my medical group and told them that UHC does pay for tetanus shots which I was told they did not so I'm very happy with UHC.
The one thing you could have done better for me is have a better system of when someone has a change in their prescription and there's an overlap.
The one thing that I wish she could've done I am a terminally ill patient that needs to change medications from a surgeon even though I'm on a team management program.
They don't do the surgery the surgeon has to right the prescription out and I need the same medication instead of something different that's making me ill.
And last year I had the same procedure and it was 120 dollars this time around it's 140.
Pricing on medications is so high that it's gonna be hard the next time I have to order this medication.
I was very pleased that home delivery was at least a little bit cheaper than picking my medication up at my pharmacy.
To assist me in paying for a chair lift on my medical condition to get up and down the stairs in my house.
Only there was a little change in the information maybe because I change my Medicare card and I was given a new Medicare number.
All I was asking was is this drug covered.
Yeah the one thing that could be better is that in the plan that we had in Virginia I had already had the doctor challenge the price of the Zeidra that I'm taking for my Glaucoma and they had already lowered it from a tier four to a tier three.
Now I have to go back to my doctor and have him do it again.
You could accept the claims that were provided by my doctors.
Well I have dental coverage.
I was not informed that I was not able to go out of network and with a provider who is in United Health.
almost all my doctors when I switched from UUHI to your UHC.
I had to switch all my doctors since you asked.
I was told that you do not have a deal with the University of Miami Hospital in Florida.
But that you could call them and set up some kind of a special deal on a procedure that I need done.
I was just calling to see if you know (unclear) national travels we had to have a air evac for medical reasons.
And I had an appointment with the doctor I have had for the last 13 years my ENT specialist and I get a phone call this morning that I need to find another doctor because I switched healthcare plans.
I need for y'all to update your doctors.
I kept getting transferred to someone in India who then transferred me to dental providers and it was not a pleasant experience.
The only problem was that she could not reach the doctor but I guess that's not her fault no one answered.
So I'm going to call the doctor myself.
I wanted to know if my insurance covers tuberculosis screening.
Well I misunderstood my plan and found out that I do not have any dental care for an extraction.
And I would recommend UHC to all my friends.
We find that out when we only call the office (unclear) the doctor's office to whether or not the doctor is still in the in that particular practice so.
Yes this medicine has been a very hard problem for me to get to the right person to get the authorization.
I mean I've even gone back to historically and I see where nothing was ever said and I hated to wait until I got prescriptions denied to get the information I needed in order to hopefully move forward.
Could have answered my question customer service person check but he had no information he didn't know where to send me to get the information so I got nothing and this is kind of critical because I needed to get prior authorization for a CT scan today and I don't think that's going to happen because nobody seems to know anything about prior authorization.
It's not covering one of my medications that I had to check on.
I got the records of a female lady her Gynecologist and everything her medical records for the last 2 years.
I received her medical records from 3 years ago.
Had not know of the Mayo Clinic or John Hopkins and those are some of the top medical facilities in the United States so I would of thought they knew.
But she is still in the process of trying to resolve my issue which is authorization for 2 referrals from my doctor.
I'm trying to get my mom ready to go from her home into her care facility.
I guess I gave it a nine because I haven't gone to the pharmacy to see how well the system works there.
I need to have a new (unclear) card because I've lost one and my hospital has probably kept it.
My problem was not with your representative my problem was with your policy of pricing medications.
Every employee I've ever talked to at UHC knows just what they're reading from a piece of paper.
The one thing you could've done better for me is to me not have to pay so much money on surgery from December of 19.
I really don't think anything else could've been done the young man by the name of Ronny was very helpful and gave me the names and phone numbers of companies that offer orthotics for diabetics.
And he's helping me find a pain doctor which I sincerely appreciate the magazine that list the doctors' didn't come.
I will help you find a doctor because the previous doctor wouldn't take the insurance anymore.
He didn't say bye or I'll call your doctor fax your doctor or anything like that.
That would be helpful and then we wouldn't have to call a lot of places to see whether or not they are still taking new patients.
I was hoping that we had more dental coverage but we don't.
I called 2 weeks ago to change my primary care provider.
I expect a call back regarding the change on my primary care provider soon.
Find someone that could help with my shingles shot.
It was different from the information that you were given at the time of the discharge from the hospital to going into this health south facility and there seems to be no way to resolve that with the representative with UHC.
And she's helped me so much to understand possibly how to handle as a medical issue the situation on getting a wig or getting a hair piece for medical reasons and then and helping me out if I do file an insurance claim.
The only question I had for her I wanted to somebody from (unclear) about the cost of medical insurance for next year and she tried to find out some information but she couldn't.
Well I guess the one thing you could've done better for me is to not have moved my medication from formulary to non formulary in the first place.
But I know these plans change and move drugs every five minutes in and out of the formulary so I guess that's more than I could ever expect but thank you.
But he was not able to give me 9 tablets because I don't know what the restrictions are but he was trying to do his best to satisfy my needs OK.
You informed me of my doctors change saying that you do not continue the contract and you more than willing to help me in other ways of finding a doctor.
The truth is (unclear) I'm having because I entered the Medicare program (unclear).
What I'm very unhappy about was there's a reason for my having to call I was trying to get forms to process a claim and UHC said they would send them.
He looked for a dental rider to go on our insurance unfortunately we live in an area where it is not available.
And I am not into the website so I can look up my doctors that I need to see.
I mean I have to wait 72 hours for you to get back to see if my pills will be.
price will be reduced and I should be taking my pills.
The only thing I wish I had was dental insurance.
I will call back on October the 1st and start my prescription drug plan.
I'm trying to you know get my health safe ID.
The problem is that the policy with Walgreens and not crediting but I understand that they can't use the medication once it had been in my possession and left the store.
Unfortunately the situation has really not been resolved because we have to give more paper work to the clinic that I go to to prove that my insurance has covered the expenses that I incurred from a visit but other than that it was very professional.
and really took the time to look up my prescription for me.
I just called up my doctor and my doctor says got the wrong birthday on the card so they told me to check with Blue Cross Blue Shield over here.
Medication at home in another state and I was able to get an override to the gentleman (unclear) help processes through the procedure so that I can override and take the medication and leave the hospital after waiting 9 hours today to discharge.
I think that you need to have the representatives from the dental department or from just UHC call me instead of me having to wait for such a long time.
I had 2 issues to take care of but it should not have to.
And my doctor wants me to take it and I have a large out of pocket cost.
Actually not this call but a previous call where I asked how my dental benefits were applied to my recent dental visit and I thought the answers a little confusing.
As far as I know right now I got everything I needed taken care of.
Was just stating that the primary goal to find a less expensive alternative to one of my medications was either to change the medication which may not be appropriate for the doctor or to apply for a tier exception which implies extra work by the doctor.
Rather than maybe having my medication already part of a tier that would be less expensive.
And I realize now that I have to go through my provider for everything which I didn't really realize before.
I mean and I have been with Care Improvement Plus UHC.
I was calling to find out alternative drugs to the expensive ones we have to take and it just it was very good.
I just was telling the young lady that this was probably the best thing that United Health ever thought of doing for people is having somebody to talk to about their problem and they have very patient and do not you know hurry you on the phone.
I need to get hold of my doctor so that I would be able to find that out.
Needed some dental work done and I want to know if I can get some dental work done.
That's one thing I would improve on is automatically filling prescriptions when I request it they don't do that.
And we will see at my next doctor's appointment if everything is back to normal.
One that I needed a prescription for Shindrex and the 2nd time I called I was told definitely I do not need a prescription.
I talk to y'all twice a day and each time the person you know mentioned to me about a colonoscopy test that I found out about and that I will be taking.
I (unclear) the medical side if I have to go to (unclear) cataract.
I've called UHC several times on different issues and I've always been satisfied.
What could've been done better was the 1st time I called in today I had a representative for UHC telling me I owe.
And but I had to talk with 3 separate people because I had questions on a Medicare Rx plan and a supplemental insurance plan as well as an RRA account.
I'm having cataract surgery and I just think there's a generic drug it's on tier four.
The one thing you could've done better for me was in the beginning when I requested that my doctors be in your plan that the doctor was actually in the plan which he wasn't.
I did not receive a bill for June which I had started the dental supplemental plan sometime like maybe the first or second week of March.
The wait time was a little long but considering the fact Myah had to call the pharmacy to get my price lowered to the correct price so that I could get a refund I was not at all worried about holding.
I couldn't find anything on dermatology.
But I did find out that I should just go to a dermatologist that's on the in the books one of the books.
They for some reason were trying to switch me from capsule to pill.
And Optum Rx has messed me up twice about the tablet thing.
She helped me with what I need all the answers that I need she gave it to me and she's providing me hopefully you know sooner the better provide me with the paperwork that I need to get the medicine that I need for my health.
They did answer all my questions everything I needed (unclear) health care.
The one thing that could be improved somewhat is knowing when we are finally accepted by Medicare for our Medicare Complete.
I was calling to see if I had acupuncture covered under my plan and they said I did not.
You could've had your Optum Rx first person I spoke to better understand my issue.
I have no problems with UHC at all.
I just thought all my doctors that I go to was covered whenever I took this out.
The lady took all my information but I'm finding out that I got a couple of doctors that are not on there.
Been able to obtain an automatic authorization somehow from my doctor.
The question I had for the lady that I talked to from Greensboro North Carolina was can I get some medical marijuana and she said I can't answer the question you'll have to check with your provider.
I'm not sure what could have been done better because John really went and he checked everything out to help me out with my coverage and my dentist.
It's just there's been lots and lots of calls that I've had to make over the last year and a half trying to get some durable medical equipment approved.
And I have been given a lot of misinformation and one of the reasons why it has taken so long for me to go to through this doctor for trying to get approval for equipment that's needed.
Maybe the information on specific medical conditions that are covered could be more clearly stated for representatives.
They could do better for me to find me a doctor before now.
I had a glaucoma screening and yet there was a deductible applied.
I was calling in response to a letter I received from you with regard to the prescription information that you had on file with you guys to prescription insurance coverage.
But I think what you could do (unclear) what you could do that would be very helpful is provide more specific information about it's not in the plan books you know about how much what is covered for insurance in your dental and how often.
I'm 83 years old and I'm having some struggles trying to keep up with all of my medical procedures and so forth.
Did better for me to get my healthcare.
Really if I could've had you know them had the representative that I spoke to call to the hospital to the lab to find out you know what was going on with the fact that my that I wouldn't be able to that you all would not be able to pay for the lab work that I needed to get done I feel like you know they could've you know done that for me.
Well just one of the doctor's I needed the hospitals that they (unclear) hospitals that they graduated from.
My name's Patricia Blackwell member number XXX I had been working about two months trying to get my Part D reinstated it was denied I couldn't pick up my prescriptions.
had to go through dental talking to the people that are in charge of the writers that go along with the plan.
You could've did research on your own and be willing to contact on the three way with the young lady Dashonta that's (unclear) medicine (unclear) billing so you could've got a better understanding.
Hopefully my numbers are correct and I can go pick up my prescription.
I needed a (unclear) doctor that was very well recommended but is not on the plan.
(Unclear) nothing this is the most wonderful conversation I have ever had with a health care professional.
Well (unclear) could do because I just need to see my primary care physician to get my question resolved but thank you anyway.
I had surgery and I can't stand on the d*** phone for 3 d*** hours.
My son had major surgery on his foot and he has a rot up his leg and you guys are going to provide everything that he needs so that I can get my health issues taken care of.
I can't wait three months when he can get up and walk around to take care of myself.
I would prefer to be connected with the specialty team than talk to people that are not sure about what the insurance offers.
I was directed to go to Walgreens to fulfill my prescription.
So I'm gonna have to go to the Walgreens myself and ask if the one that I want to go to which is like two miles away from the other one that she asked me about.
I'll have to ask them myself if they will accept UHC insurance.
Gave me a different website to use to search for dentists so that.
There are other issues I have with your company in regards to my drugs but I've spoken to other people about that so.
Very difficult to discern why the specialist I was sent to see by my primary care physician is not in network and I will be having further contact with UHC when I get more information from the billing department of the specialist I want to see.
Have a list of vision providers I can see thank you.
You could've covered what I needed and it was a blood pressure monitor.
Well actually whenever I first signed up whoever signed me up singed me up with a doctor as my primary doctor it was like in the pulmonary he was a palmary doctor and they told me the wrong building to go they told me the wrong telephone number to call they told me the wrong doctor went this was (unclear) I'm signing up and it was a complete disaster.
I am trying to resolve getting an exception made on a medication that I need and Erica faxed over to my doctor and yesterday a form and they have not given it back and I think it's my doctor's office so I'm trying to get this done.
Put the referral through for my regular doctor to the urologist so I could have had my appointment today.
Well the one thing I think was she wanted me to give her the list of doctors without first.
I gave her the doctor's name and I wanted to check you know number one if that was good and then we go to 2 and 3 without giving the whole list of doctors.
Which I didn't need her to give her all the doctors had to check them all but one but one at a time that way I can stop.
If the representative could have known if the claims have to be submitted to Medicare first.
I was starting to put together after I got this letter all of the major things that he doesn't do he refers them and that's appointments for each and everyone the urologist and the cardiologist and the foot guy and the lung guy and the head guy and all the stuff and so they're all programmed through him.
Since the doctor will not be filing for me.
Randy was extremely helpful and other than paying for my medication for me I can't think of anything he could've done differently.
Also when the customer calls in and gives information enter it like changing primary care doctor and (unclear) to get that corrected.
It was a little bit different situation involving copays and whatever.
The person I talked to was very helpful to get information for me but I do think that if there is a doctor that uses the surgery center that the surgery center should be in network if the doctor is in network and no one told me that.
I don't think there was anything you could have done better I got all the information I needed and I will have to call back with further instructions so we'll find out if Richard wants to go on the dental and we can pay that I will talk with you again soon thank you for your time.
As far as the phone conversation went Eliza went to every extent to help me out which she did and she's reporting the website it's got a glitch in it because it does not do the show the truth on the preferred pharmacy networks and she checked it out and she answered my question which I can turn around and give it to my doctor so he can order the pharmaceutical I need so she was top grade but the website is kind of iffy.
When I spoke with someone over in the dental department they said that I didn't have HMO I do have HMO to cover X-rays and cleanings every 6 months and he said I had some sort of INO that I needed or should have.
Asked me is the prescription was filled with another pharmacy or something as if I was repeating the prescription somewhere else.
I called about referrals to specialists and they tell me that with my physician's group being the physical well the Physicians Alliance (unclear) I no longer have to have a physician's referral just as long as he says I can go.
There is nothing that I think that you could've done better with the exception of perhaps having the medication that I was interested in becoming a formulary medication at a lower tier.
I had to tell her that they changed my doctor they made a mistake on my card given me a different doctor I went to my appointment today and I could not see them.
I did not understand why the ambulance service would've been billed through (unclear).
I was calling about finding out how to get an (unclear) catheter prescription filled that I'm supposed to have and I've had to call numerous times and they've all tried they've all been very nice but they just don't have the information available for them to help me.
The employee was great (unclear) UHC as a whole but (unclear) they told us that medication that would be covered when we signed up for the plan.
When we signed up we were told all the medication was on the formulary and now we're having to jump through hoops to get medication covered that (unclear) covered when we first signed up.
And the only way that the call could've been better is if number one I think when you have cataracts surgery the anti reflective coating on the lenses that improves your vision should be also included in getting new lenses.
I just needed to get some more information from the dentist to finalize this claim.
yes they are taking new patient they are not taking Medicare patients.
(Unclear) the young man in the Philippines I think his name told me his name was Michael he could not have been more polite more helpful more cheerful and he really went out of his way to make sure that my insurance coverage was in effect and he even called the drugstore that I'm being transferred over to because of a merger.
He even called them to make sure they had all my insurance (unclear) so I wouldn't have no hold up about getting my medication.
What I don't understand is when it comes to opioids I got one doctor prescribing them to me or for me.
So one doctor prescribes two opioids for me.
And another doctor I used to see prescribed other medications.
Because the person who had done my paperwork on the phone had neglected to fill out the dental form information when I specifically told them I needed dentist dental coverage for the extra 34 35 dollars on a.
she did not want to change me back to Connie L Olsen my PCP and she said that I have called the wrong telephone number and that she transferred me back to United Healthcare Dual Complete.
I changed my primary care doctor and from Dr (unclear) to Dr (unclear) but I did get a letter in the mail that my.
that showed a different doctor and I did talk to a supervisor also and please make a note that there is some kind of a mishappening in that like left hand doesn't know the right hand that I already had a doctor.
And this letter would've changed for a new doctor but I did not want it.
I found it first as opposed to her being able to tell me and go right to the section in the plan details that explained it on paper if you will as to why this had occurred in the pricing of a prescription and that was.
I believe you should (unclear) get the medicine at the real price number one.
Danicka told me yes if I would prefer to see a specific doctor whose in network that shouldn't be a problem.
I know I need a referral and an authorization.
I even had the paper when the home health care nurse came from came into my home to do you know the physical which I really appreciated.
I've been calling about this particular claim for two months and it hasn't been taken care of.
My husband goes to a doctor who's in a urgent care and it would've been nice to have (unclear) address and phone number for them.
So I can't go to different stores and ask them to price a drug for me.
But they cannot tell me what was the cost yesterday when I purchased from Walgreens.
Well that's the only thing that could have been done better for me is if y'all covered my insulin and my other diabetic needs but all in all it was good.
The agent did not know exactly which prescriptions I would be reimbursed for.
somebody else called in asking about my healthcare.
would made it faster so I could have had my surgery when it was scheduled.
Leo was totally right on my Medicare plan.
Very calmly and I would definitely stay with UHC with my supplement.
But that's what I was looking for at the current coverage I have apparently not available where (unclear).
You helped me (unclear) a lot by giving me a generic drug.
I'm afraid I just need more room in my drugs because I'm taking an inhaler and I'm gonna have to get them from the doctor because I can't afford them on the plan.
I've had UHC for many years and so far I've always been satisfied.
I just called my prescription in two days two early.
It would be nice if you can expand the transportation end of it to get me evaluated with different doctors that are in the area that aren't helping many people.
I had no problems the representative India took care of my needs.
What you could have done better for me was your physicians booklet.
only one doctor listed for ENT so your book has to be updated.
It was just trying to get things straightened out with UHC and (unclear) Health Care.
one of these doctors and see how I feel.
