The one thing you could do better instead of putting United Healthcare phone number on your prescription bottles you could put the Optum RX direct 800 phone number so you don't have to go through 3 or 4 phone calls to get a renewal.
I think if United Healthcare sends somebody to your home it should be record as to that person's contact information.
The only thing I would say is on the form the prior prescription drug coverage form itself not on the call but on the form.
My plan is a HMO and obviously there were less providers in my category then PPO.
Every time I call UHC I get the best service.
I wish they would have the information of what Medicare bills at.
If you had listed the deductible then I could be able to the yearly deductible.
Just calling to find out about my I just had surgery and think to find out about my copay and what I have that I'm gonna have.
Right off the beginning regarding my prescriptions it would've been nice that I checked everything out with Optum Rx.
On my first call before I paid for the vaccination you could've explained the tier four drug deductible a little bit better.
I would prefer not having to pay this deductible but that wasn't the customer services fault.
Advised me that the university had went back to a HMO instead of a PPO and left me with a thousand dollar x ray bill.
Actually I spoke to 2 representatives there a Catherine and then a Nadine who is a supervisor in reference to my deductible and could not ask for 2 more pleasant people.
I'm looking forward to when I get my Medicaid to get the Medicare I think is plus or anyway it's part D or whatever but I'm looking forward to it because so far you've been very helpful and I do thank you so much.
the reason I answered 3 on the paperwork was just (unclear) a few questions you know 1 or 2 over like the entire time I've been with UHC.
I'm real pleased with UHC I just get real confused with this automated answering machine.
The one thing I would like would be the ability to make payments 24 hours a day 7 days a week.
It's the one payment I make that if I'm paying late in the evening I have to wait until the next day to do it but you have to determine whether that's cost effective and I just put it in because you asked.
Except to have the Medicare plan pay for my (unclear) screening event but that's not a problem.
I asked for a substitute for a $2000 medication and you paid an awful lot for it for three months it was about $1900.
That's what they said at my pharmacy that you paid for it or they saved me.
You could've put the medication the (unclear) vaccine that I need to get you know in a lower tier so that more of it is covered.
Michelle the representative did all she could do but I think you overcharged by 1450 dollars for this piece of junk that I got and it says I still owe 265 dollars which is about all it's worth to begin with and here you folks paid them 12328 dollars.
So he's taking Methadone not much medicines at all and for he was paying he's paying for that and so I wasn't too happy with that.
for your checkups every year if it didn't have to be done on a computer.
I wish that you could have gotten a hold of Medicare to get confirmation of my coverage A and B instead of me having to try to get through the Social Security and Medicare again and so if you could've handled this for me it would've been much better.
I cannot afford the co-payments and I just wish there was (unclear) and the doctors $50.
I feel that was very expensive and I don't like what I'm getting out of it because I have to go back in in a little bit and get 2 more injections only to pay for them too and I just think I'm getting ripped off because I thought Medicare was supposed to 80% the bill regardless what you've done and it's not paying 50%.
And then I got a letter that says I'll no longer be able to pay my premium from my Social Security.
And the answer that the representative gave me was that because my previous employer is subsidizing this premium.
The only thing that bothers me is that you guys sent me a whole packet for signing up to you know Medicare.
Shame on you because you should have an alternate drug for us that was zero because that was generic and he can't go without this and besides that I've asked for a form showing the drugs that we take and that form that you used to send all the time which was absolutely wonderful for older people and I have to take care of him and me you no longer do that.
Since I cannot see a doctor that is gone and he retired in January and now we are in May I read to her some previous payments made already that I had in my explanation of benefits from March 2018 where they count the new doctor that is my primary in as the doctor that got paid and she still insisted-.
I don't really have anything however the one thing that I can think of is that I keep calling in to find out when my next payment is due and maybe that' my fault for not going somewhere or getting something.
There's nothing you could've done better except in the first place not held up the prescription because it was not an idle need on my part but I thank you very much for your subsequent service.
Give me a little bit of direction on Medicare providers that I would need in network for the home health aide.
This discount plan this dental plan is horrible and people that have failed or missing teeth can't get the help that they need.
I can't help you I need more information I can't give you any answers.
In regards to my Rx that needed prior authorization I still don't know whether or not (unclear) going on the Medicare plan through United through the state of Connecticut.
I was on a medicine called Dualexes and (unclear) Blue Cross Blue Shield it was my prior insurance.
I don't know if Medicare covers this so I don't know if United will cover it.
You could make my computer work better at home here and it's not on your end it's on mine.
extreme difficulty with claims getting paid last year and the rep that I just spoke to worked on this.
So then I decided yesterday that if this is the service that I'm going to get I'm just going to go back to Humana (unclear) whatever healthcare UHC.
I don't know how I paid my bill.
The representative stated it would be 3000 for ear e a r when it is what should be 3000 dollars per pair p a i r.
Hi yeah I can't think of anything else that you could do the very nice lady that I spoke with as I was concerned since one of my prescriptions we were paying 37 dollars for it and now it's 225 so we pretty well got that straightened out but we're very happy with UHC.
Have the problem of putting the correct doctor listing on my Medicare card the first time rather than having to call back several times to get it straightened out.
I've been getting my underwear free through my insurance Medicare Medicaid once a month without any problem.
The only reason I gave a six on the questionnaire is because I had sent in a request for payment for a medical bill I had April 6th and it's been 3 weeks and it hasn't shown up in the computer system yet and I would think that most computer systems if they got it by the 15th of April would've had at least something input into the computer that customer representatives can look at and say well it's under review or it's this or it's that to determine whether or not you actually got my claim.
But anytime that I've needed to have questions answered or help with something I've been with United Healthcare for 13 years and you're doing a great job.
The one thing you could've done better was lower the deductible I have to pay.
And they're trying to tell us that we paid it to the wrong person that we're supposed to pay it to AARP Medicare Complete United Health.
I'd give you an 8 on the recommending to others because it appears that there's some things that are different about this insurance as compared to the one I had before but nonetheless the insurance I have and I'll have to stick with it.
to have a better record in your record billing because I am dealing twice and I have to talk to your and to talk to the dentist office to correct your records because according to my doctor's office it is you're handling the records just right.
I was totally satisfied except that my co-pay went up but I don't know if you can do anything about that.
When you're a regular customer and a United member and I don't use a lot of medicine and I just had to get this refill and then I ran into all this other red tape.
I guess financially I'd like to see some of these payments that I received be paid for by UHC whether that would take me to another program.
You Medicare of United Medicare customer service representatives treat me like I want like I treat them.
There's nothing that you could do but you do have people calling here all the time saying they're United Healthcare and always asking what my birth date is.
You could have set my insurance up proper so I don't be having to go through this each time.
I was covered under United Healthcare via prospect from way before January 1st of 2017 until the 1st of October of 2017 and then I changed over to being covered with United Healthcare form being monitored or administered by Saint Joseph.
you know it must've been covered by United Healthcare via prospects prior to that instead of sending a bill for $173.
health partners of Nevada to complain why there isn't an urgent care in my plan.
United Healthcare is wonderful at throwing my messages into the trash can and paying no attention to them and not helping me to resolve the problem.
If I do receive (unclear) medical care and it results in some catastrophe then I hope that I'm well enough to hire a lawyer and take United Healthcare to court for refusing to deal with my grievances.
The membership card because here it is May and I do not have the 18 year 18 membership card and I think it would be great if UHC could use over night mail in emergencies like this.
care of that right away but a letter via mail is required or a fax which I have neither because I'm out of town so that is difficult but the rep was terrific.
I usually pay my premium online.
As a matter of fact she went beyond her duty and she advised me of something that I will take advantage of next October and look into my plan and to my deductible and perhaps change my plan and stay with AARP with UHC but just change it a little bit to my deductible so it was done very well and I was very happy.
Well I need to see a chiropractor and find out it's not covered on my policy and so I really wish it had been.
The only thing I wish and it is a wish is that premiums could be kept as they are for a couple of years and then on all parts of the insurances in AARP 'cause I have my Supplemental I have my Rx and I have my dental with you guys I wish the premiums could be held down or not increased as often.
I'm happy with that but (unclear) some paperwork and mailing and all that that would save some money for the insurance company and help the member to pay a little less expenses (unclear) so (unclear) so hard in getting (unclear) his job or something.
I have to submit some medical charges and see if you're going to cover part of them or not.
I get excellent service every time I need a problem solved or I need information and I thank you.
I think that the employees at UMass could have been told better through UHC plan to Verizon how the plans were going to be paid and all so that we weren't just dropped.
I just don't trust Medicare to reimburse me but the guy was very helpful.
It's the service was excellent it's just that Medicare is and my drug plan is the question.
It was an expired policy evidentially and (unclear) therapy is not something that's covered by the policy so there's really nothing you could do.
You could've paid for having my tooth when I had to pay for having my tooth fixed is my thing is see y'all could've paid for it.
It's just the you know the deductible and everything is pretty high on your insurance now.
I wish the representative could have found out if they would notify me if my premium goes up.
And appreciate it and I hope my dentist does get paid in a timely fashion and I can go forward.
Has expedited my medication and I don't understand why the pharmacy customer service is so horrible but your regular customer service number people like Samantha who are a supervisor were able to answer my questions and everything is now fine.
since September on one prescription that y'all want me to pay $550.
00 for and I have no way of paying that.
could go online from now on and pay my bill.
Don't have any issues at this time in the past I had trouble making sure the right hospital was listed and they'd change over and then the next card they'd change back so that was always a problem bye.
Got some updates done on my account which needed to be taken care of so she did an excellent job I can't think of any other input for improvement.
And I'm also going to call Medicare and have them get me the help I need also so I wanna thank her for helping me out.
Your staff should've enrolled me properly when I first signed up on the insurance medical coverage plan.
I got the wrong doctors I got the wrong coverage and now doctors don't want to see me because I'm not in the right plan in their network.
I can't think of anything that could be done better unless it would be to contact Lincare themselves you know UHC to contact Lincare but it sounds like it's something I'm going to have to do.
That would be the only thing that I can think of and I don't even know if that's possible because Lincare did not send a credit on something that I returned unopened and I have a credit.
On the piece of paper it shows that I returned it and they billed UHC and never sent a credit and I wanted to make sure UHC got credited for that because I returned it and I have a paper that shows I returned it.
I'm not a happy camper right now but right now they gave me information more than the Blue Cross Blue Shield.
I'm getting a $50 gift card from Walmart because I had completed my wellness visit and I'm very pleased.
All I really needed was to find out how UHC finds out that I rented a doctor and (unclear) all they had to say was you (unclear) the doctor mails it in and then you call them and you UHC.
When I signed up with AARP in health care I wasn't told to bring my medical card to everything and I wasn't told that you're just coordinating with them.
I thought you took over both my Medicare and medical and I didn't have to worry.
He's not able to pay the bills and she was limited in how much information she could give me because even though I'm the (unclear) employee and I'm the retiree I guess we're linked 'cause it was more than an age difference.
I have to do some homework to see if the PCP that already agreed to see me if he in fact agrees to that then he needs to call and open his panel and then I need to call back and get his added as my PCP.
More clarity in billing and charges and rejections of amount requested by service providers better training for your lower level employees go on to answer the phone and deal with your customers that's not all but that's all I can think of now.
And I don't know what more she could've told them to help them understand this Shell Medicare Advantage Plan and the additional medical benefits that the plan provides.
The medical provider refuses to understand that an advantage plan provides additional medical benefits and the people handling the insurance are stuck on straight Medicare.
They keep defaulting to straight original Medicare guidelines and Kelly tried to explain to them that they would not understand they definitely on a different page then we are right now with the advantage plan.
They accept the plan they don't wanna follow United Medicare medical processing guidelines they refusing to submit the claim for routine fit care that's the issue we had.
me doctor changed his search thing whatever I think it's good affiliation.
The form from Optum Rx entitled prescription reimbursement request form I have been working on that and it's very confusing especially when I get on the back page.
Know how much Medicare would pay on (unclear) the base amount that they would pay.
I really didn't get an answer to whether my mother's insurance was really reinstated or not.
I live in Nashville Tennessee and (unclear) Hospital is about four miles form me and there's hardly and doctors that take this insurance.
I still have to pay more money that I wasn't planning on paying but it.
On the website it asks for member ID but it doesn't specify for the pharmacy or the health insurance ID and that slowed me down considerably so you need to be specific.
The only problem is that there aren't very many doctors in network who are in my area south of Seattle in Federal Way.
And I might just change my insurance company when it's time for open enrollment.
But I was with Humana and you're one hundred percent better than those jerks.
Hi this very confusing when it comes to my medication because it involves more (unclear) and the only thing that could've been done better is that when the pharmacist puts the prescriptions through that the insurance is alright and there's no problem.
James was an excellent representative thank you James I appreciate what you did for me for my new Medicare plan I'm looking forward to June 2018 with AARP with my new Medicare plan.
They're charging me 30 dollars for co-pay where I don't have to pay for colonoscopy or any consultation related to that at all.
Now the last three people I've talked to today because I've been on the phone over two hours trying to get things straighten out because health care UHC is messing up and threatening to take me off of Medicare and I can't see.
And then they keep sending me emails saying they're going to take me off of Medicare because I'm at a different address.
You could combine my husband's and my payment together on the same card but I understand you can't do that.
it was first of the month in fact is what it was and my payment hadn't come out yet for my United Health it comes out automatically out of my checking account.
I just called UHC to find out what the extra bills were when we paid $45 for a specialist.
And yet even though it's only $125 and I paid a small amount so y'all wouldn't have to pay more 'cause there was more expensive ones out there but I tried to buy the cheapest thing I could get that was an electric cart to get me around and now I've got to wait another month or two months after I get her paperwork and fax it to them or send it to them and my prescription had my address my name my ID number everything on it but nobody can seem to find it.
I just want to pay my bill and get it over with.
The copays I don't understand always.
If you could've been definitive on (unclear) it'd be helpful to me since I have to buy 2 pairs of glasses and they are in network but they say they can't use this insurance plan for that so I'm kind of stuck and I need 2 pairs of glasses and if I would've known that the rebate could've been coming back to me.
The only thing that I'm asking if there's anyway possible next year if y'all could move the due date to the 3rd of the month instead of the 1st because I don't get my social security check until the 3rd of each month and I like to pay my bills on time and I have to use every penny in my account so if y'all could give that some consideration.
I'm very pleased at this moment and hopefully the pain and process of taking it directly out of my checking account will work from now on.
I took out a dental plan and it would've been nice if you mailed me what it covered.
You could've fixed my prior authorization so I wouldn't have to go through this crap every single month.
I have had so many phone calls with health care lately.
No I just needed an explanation of exactly what the cost would be between the two drugs and it was explained to me that I needed to satisfy my deductible and the cost would go down so it was I was satisfied.
Seriously I think she was wonderful and I just started using UHC through AARP Medicare Rx plans and I'm very happy and I have a lot of friends that are going into Medicare and if they have any questions I will direct them to you.
My problem was that I was trying to find out how much of the cost of the inhaler that I was looking at how much of that cost would be what would be the cost that goes into the donut hole and the gentleman who was talking to me and he was very efficient said that he did not have that information and so evidentially you guys don't have that information.
I'm on the computer all day so this is something that's very difficult to get information on the details of my claim such as what did the doctor charge for what procedures all it tells me is that the claim is being processed and that it was processed and it was paid but I don't get any print out as to the specific diagnosis treatment or claims that I have to wait until I receive my statement in the mail that's all I have to say.
Well eliminate the possibility the need for me to contact my doctor which is really not a big deal and certainly not a problem.
However I'm trying to get $836 back from AARP when I had supplement insurance last year and they're still taking the money out monthly now.
Well the one thing you could have done better is to get your online program fixed so that I can find my I can get online which I haven't been able to do for at least six months because you're always problems.
I have this problem almost every month and it's very confusing.
The only thing better is if the cost of the medication would've been a little bit more but besides that it sure was appreciated.
Well you could've put my money back in my bank account that you took out accidentally according to you and for the last 6 months you could not have lied to me.
If your representative is handled the my question and checking on prescription with Walgreens she handled it perfectly and I am at ease that Walgreens will not charge you guys for this.
I know it's not covered but I just need it to be covered so when my mother in law comes home she'll be able to use it.
Explain this insurance better to me before I took it out.
Now in between April March 31st and May 1st or today my father was not covered though I had made the payment for some reason it went somewhere else they told me and now that it's supposed to be coming back to me.
Y'all taken all this payment from me if you see all these payments are being made but for some reason my father is not on the plan.
My only problem is is when I initially signed up for this insurance I was told that three doctors that I have are in network and I specifically asked that now I'm finding out that two of them are not.
they will accept the insurance but they are not in network and being a person in limited income to find out that you have to pay a whole lot more money each time you go see the doctor.
People call because they want to make their payment plus their not in a good mood when they have to pay money.
a reasonable explanation as to why I'm having to pay for lab work now that United Healthcare has purchased my Medicare contract when previously with using my Medicare.
I got upset and he said he would take care of it and he called the drug company just to verify my you know that I'm covered and I guess it's my fault 'cause I didn't share it to the drug store the new card and (unclear) send me a new card but he was wonderful.
But it's just the only thing is is with the insurance I'm having trouble getting my wheelchair fixed.
I have called multiple times trying to get some idea of either what doctors are in network or what facility is in network and now I'm trying to find an estimate of just a general cost estimate of having a full knee replacement and I can never get an answer.
to eventually talk to someone who could help me and I ended up in the retirement department and that was not the right department.
when the insurance was initially approved back in April if they could email or send me a copy of that and she said she didn't know and anyway.
You could've charged the outstanding amount due to my credit card that you have on file.
I have a hearing deficit and this person who helped me really took that into consideration when she was telling me about the benefits.
Well you could've covered the Insulin that I'm getting properly or you know at a less than it costs me at Walmart.
The one thing that could have been better is my Rx plan was 4 days out of due and I had to start the application all over again.
In the new notice of changes you don't have a formulary and I would like to see that in there next year.
Get me my refund they're telling me it's going to take up to 3 weeks.
I can't see why you can't refund it to me immediately or at least in a day or 2.
The one thing you could've done better is paid the claim that I sent in in November for dental expenses.
And I got actually no help in that area someone from the doctors office checked they really first when I started under this new policy and they're retired and it was gonna be $1000 out of pocket for me to cover which I don't have that money.
Anyway got no help at all as far as how much money it costs that was the answer I was seeking and I got a lot of (unclear) I don't know it's 20% of whatever the big charge is but that's doesn't tell me anything.
But the doctor definitely is covered and there's probably nothing you can do about it it's just very frustrating for new Medicare people or new people to insurances that their not familiar with.
They said I no longer have coverage that I haven't coverage since 2014 and in fact my coverage has never has always been active.
I got in the mail here a MABPB prescription reimbursement form and I talked to Jerry and all Jerry did was totally confuse me and I'm calling wondering what that form is for and it's so complicated to fill out.
kept saying well send it back and we can figure out if you get a reimbursement.
I've also got a doctor (unclear) or hospital bill here that when I talked to Clinton Jeffries on March or April 24th he said he was gonna send a form that Stormy says don't pay the bill Clinton Jeffries says I gotta pay it then fill out this form and send it in.
You give me names of the provider that accepts my plan.
I have an issue of overpayment to a hospital and I'm going to have to call them out of the blue.
And I think I have a better chance of getting my money back if the insurance company would contact them but your representative left that up to me to do so I mean I can do it.
my insurance then was supposed to run a new policy through which apparently didn't go through.
my drug coverage is going to cost me a lot more.
(Unclear) pre authorizations you should contact the doctor not the person that needs the medicine because a person don't know how to get pre authorization (unclear) and I think (unclear) doctor saying you need pre authorization they should go back to the doctor who sent you the prescription or whoever made out the prescription for that individual.
I wasn't happy with the answer but that's not the lady's fault (unclear) just the plan I happen to have (unclear) to pay for a medicine (unclear).
Every time I call and make a payment or call about something I'm a thousand percent satisfied and I highly recommend AARP UHC to a lot of people and I'm a thousand percent satisfied and Andy done a great job and understood everything you know.
AS far as prescriptions when people are signing up they could explain what a gap coverage situation would be a little bit more clearer and possibly how soon that would occur on a perspective plan.
So again we've just have had UHC since January but so far each time we've called we haven't had a problem.
As a matter of fact I enjoyed paying my bill.
Service as far as answering the questions and providing the address and the location (unclear) otherwise the urgent care was fine (unclear) helped me with two different locations so the service was excellent.
anyway you're not doing it right and I want the thing cancelled now so I can go back and you're going to be liable for all my doctor's bills that were not covered from February through today.
Have somebody a supervisor talk to the people at Optum RX because there's a problem with this phone call and the three I've had before there Optum RX according to the people I talked to is a poor run outfit.
I'm sending Medicare and Social Security and there is question number two under section 2 Social Security and I just don't understand the question that they're asking.
Just stop raising my premiums because when I started 3 years ago it was like half of what it is now.
I get paid the second Wednesday of the month and you want your money in the beginning and I'm.
It's just I can't say that my issue was resolved because I've got to get this doctor authorization and stuff like that.
I would have liked to know what the fees are that when you you pay a specialist that's out of network.
(Unclear) one thing you could've done better is have your customer service representative people let the patients I guess know about the wellness visits.
Well your people helped me very much I apparently got into the wrong plan which was my fault and they did give me the number to call to get this corrected so I think you have a very good program thank you.
Have the explanation of urgent care explained better the sheets that were received in the mail it is not on there at all so it's not on my insurance card that the urgent care is 35 dollars.
Just the eligibility of a drug or a prescription that is not covered at this point and possibly proven to (unclear) it would be like a 4 or 5.
I can't get to anybody it's very hectic to get to a representative that can address what my particular needs are.
You also paid in because there was a copay plus whatever whatever that I had to pay.
That makes no sense to me and how could a chiropractor's copay be 20 dollars and my cardiologist copay is 20 dollars.
I went for therapy I paid out of my own pocket because the only thing you guys pay for is a psychiatrist.
The only thing I would suggest as far as giving you information would be on the medical card which the member ID should be noted that the 2 0's at the end didn't need to be pressed but that's about it the representative was great thank you.
Solving the problem of when your facility is in your network but yet when you get there some of the doctor's are not and that is not made clear in your website thank you.
Well I'm still in the dark as to what this letter that I received from hospital means since I don't have any bills to back up what the gentleman told me so I don't know what to do exactly he says don't worry that's an easy statement to make thank you.
I have never had better customer service then I had with UHC today that's a fact.
I don't think UHC could do a thing any better but I really think Optum RX could provide the information I need as to the cost of the drug which is my great concern.
All I can say is UHC beats any other insurance.
They should have paid my chiropractor without my going going through all this denials.
Well every time I call I get different answers I this is the 3rd time I've called about this now I hope these answers are correct but I won't know until the money comes out of my pocket because this happened before where I get different answers from different people so that's my comment.
give me information that I need to get my name on the list so that I can find out about my mothers insurance.
I found out the what I was seeking is not covered by my insurance.
I do need to be notified when it is covered so that I can utilize my insurance to make the payments for the required for the product that I'm needing.
Not really because I have not called UHC in the last 6 months so really nothing.
We need lower deductible on our insurance $405 is too high for people on Social Security.
There's really nothing the tech answered all my questions and took care of my problem you have a good day bye.
My experience on both of my calls to your insurance company has been excellent the one thing that I would suggest is that you do 0 to 9 because some people probably have a hard time with the one with the 10.
Had problem logging in last week called was given 2 or 3 different phone number come to find out it apparently it's been a problem now they're telling me it's going to be Monday maybe you could put that out to people right away so they are not trying to get in everyday customer service is you got too many phone numbers thank you.
Really there was nothing else you could do better it was just UHC keeps calling me and they have no records of it when I call customer service.
50 that I pay it's kind of high and it's very difficult for me to pay it every month but I really have no choice I guess but as far as the service I received from Micky it was perfect and I really really appreciate what you did for me.
I need Amastropas for my thyroid medicaiton which your company doesn not supply this is a (unclear) issue for me.
They the plan details say that there's no copay I received a check and I only paid half of it.
I've been getting the generic one all the years I've been on your insurance and before that.
And if I don't get this resolved I'm gonna just have to cancel my RX insurance because I'm buying less than I'm paying now.
So you know my premium is more than my drugs and I don't mind that if the service is good.
The one thing I would say is instead sending a letter with an answer to a client it would be best to receive a phone call and or an email followed by a hard copy I really had to press for that and the representative was finally able to say okay we'll do that and it's so I'm just concerned US Mail these days is taken 3 weeks so it doesn't do any good to expedite it at UHC if the in the postal services takes their sweet time anyway that's my comment thank you so much.
My call today is the answer I got was perfectly satisfactory it satisfied my additional knowledge knowing that my problem was a technical on the UHC end of it I appreciate the help thank you.
More this copay was going to be the Celebrex was going to be like $500 for the 90 day supply but I think it was more related to a deductible issue and a formulation issue.
Well you could've resolved the issue I have a doctor that is billing under an approved in network and she is my primary care physician and I'm being charged $50 which I should be being charged at all and that was in getting to the bottom of it it was less that I should contact the office and tae care of it that's just not satisfactory customer service for me thank you.
It's just the amount of money that isn't covered under my insurance plan that I'm upset about.
Your website to call UHC and I called UHC and they redirected my call to Optum so your contact us information needs to be clearer thank you good bye.
The one thing that you could have done better for transplant patient is not to interfere with how their medicine is being sent to them and not (unclear) extremely important I understand that insurance (unclear) picking up but if you're going to mail for ones medication to them you need to get to them 2 or 3 days before time thank you and have a wonderful afternoon and enjoy the weekend.
I'm finding that I have a problem after calling back 3 and 4 times to you and 3 and 4 different (unclear) people (unclear) outside of your area that I've had to talk to try and get a doctor that is in the network and verified that he is.
I seem to get different answers about copays and coverage's when I call and I think the policy needs to be a bit easier to understand.
I can't get to because of my insurance so.
I was told that my insurance doesn't allow that.
as I explained to the agent when you send off the reports to be able to find out how much you have used on your deductible and what you have left and what to expect.
how much to pay every time that you get prescriptions thank you.
They did not accept your card and my gastroenterologist Dr Conda Pauley likewise it would not accept your card so I'm starting to wonder you know just how valuable this card is I mean-.
The only thing different would be if you all had some denture insurance for people that is over the age of 65 disabled whatever.
Lower the cost of my drugs is the only thing I know other than that everything is was fine.
only issue I have is not being able to get pricing for procedures.
You know so I can budget in what I have to do and how much I have to pay for testing.
I understand there is a copay of $7.
But I just found out that there is a $27 copay on a 30 day.
Well I was left without any Medicare coverage.
It'd be really neat if UHC would give an email notification.
you know I'd be really upset if I had a 650 dollar bill for Medication that I could've gotten for you know 12 dollars or 3 dollars or something.
You could've answered my question about why my card doesn't work when I go to get health care or dental care or eye glasses.
Well I think that you did okay with me it's just that I'm 84 and it's hard for me to understand a lot of things so she's going to send me some things in the mail and I'll have my caregiver read it and make sure that they understand it too.
I just am really disappointed with UHC that they've gone up to three hundred almost four hundred dollars for the prescription deductible on a person that's eighty years old.
I should not have to call after every claim fighting to get you to pay for the claims.
What the date what was paid and I just feel like as the customer we should be able to know their personal information rather than just going by what the doctor tell us what they paid.
I'm trying to get some dental insurance but y'all need to get more dental insurance for.
just I don't have enough dental insurance for the people on Medicare.
The only thing I can think of that would have been better is that when I called in and used the automated service to check on the status of my prescription program even though it has been approved effective May 1 and today is May 4 there was no reference to it in the recording that told me about my Medicare supplemental program it didn't also identify that I've approved for my prescription program.
Well the only thing is that you could have been able to start my plan on May 1st I don't understand that you know I worked with Medicare I worked with Social Security I worked with everybody but when it finally came down to it mistakes happened not by made by me but mistakes happened and my plan can't begin until June 1st so some how something needs to be done better with that.
Probably get the information correct from Social Security my formal employer and not send out letters that are not necessary.
Lower your price on prescription drugs and you can go anywhere you want instead of one place.
it didn't accept it so I said well how about my checking account rather than my debit card.
I have to pay the deductible and the deductible-.
The whole problem is the rip off the drug companies are doing to people on Medicare.
Well someone could've told me that there's a 345 dollar copay for a colonascapy and I've never had to pay one before.
Nothing to improve everyone I've every talked to and I pay my bill every month by phone.
It was a 0 copay medication but regardless of that it was a duplicate order and you bill me 76$ for it.
The people who are handling my issue regarding ambulance service should learn exactly what the benefit booklet says and apply it.
Not made the website tell me the medication was a tier 1 or tier 2 and then charge me tier 3 price and when I called you know the guy verified that's what it was and I don't ever get tier 3 drugs.
My outstanding helper that answered the phone had difficulty finding Medicare phone number for me online so I think it's Medicare's problem that they don't make it as easy as it might be.
Samantha was incredibly helpful with taking both my past due payment and setting up reoccurring payments and explaining all of the procedures to me.
Your paperwork doesn't make it very clear I got a statement I'm new to Medicare and the statement was very confusing the tiers are confusing I guess living in New Jersey is confusing but I (unclear) let me understand a little bit more so thank you.
I don't have any comments on things that you could've done better I think the person who was on customer service did satisfactory job thank you.
I happen to be under Medicare secure complete through AARP secure horizon and any information I got about facilities and stuff that I was trying to move my husband to.
Yes UHC it was in there system yes we do cover that place.
Mostly about the ambulance co pay and whether it worked towards the 2900 dollar limit or not and that's been confusing but everyone's real nice every time I call.
Well I suppose the only issue I have is that waiting every month for the explanation of benefits to be able to submit to my co pay insurance that I have with my part time employment with the Oregon Health Care system.
There are times when I had certain things paid for by Medicare that I'm able to use my medical card which picks up that part of Medicare.
And I can not get reimbursed until I get my explanation of benefits.
Well really nothing you could've done better other than the two dentists that we would like to have seen one of the two don't take your insurance for dental.
I (unclear) call several times to get doctor's that is in my husband's network.
So the other reason my husband has UHC Medicare Solutions and I have UHC Choice Care Plus because I'm only 62 so somehow in the according to the LabCorp people somehow when they filed information to UHC under my husbands member ID number it kept (unclear) to mine and of course my coverage does not cover my husband.
So LabCorp says they filed it correctly under his ID number UHC says no help Medicare Solutions is like no we never (unclear) but they did manage to get one paid.
She only can repeat whatever the insurance company tell her but I think expediency when it comes to reimbursement should be done a little faster.
99 to buy any kind of medicine and when I borrowed the money 'cause I needed it that bad and I put in for reimbursement I just think when you're trying to pay somebody back that the insurance company is wealthier than all of us so they should be a little but more expedient.
I can see 4 weeks but 6 to 8 is a bit long but that has nothing to do with the operator from customer service.
It's a very good insurance and when you call you get very good information.
But other than that I like United Health services and I appreciate you taking me on as a client and representing me.
Well I just found out that I wasn't receiving my explanation of benefits when we were in Florida because they somehow are not transferring that mail that comes from you.
Actually any time I call UHC the response is excellent.
Well this is probably the second or third time that I've called UHC and they've been just really good every time I call.
My name is Michael Jackson and I just tried to do a Medicare survey thing and they tell me to put in my birth month 04 my birthday 25 my birth year 1959 and then it keeps asking me to do it over and over and over again.
I had (unclear) to call another insurance company for assistance and that wasn't necessary the way it works but everything turned out great.
I just wish my plan had the availability of the exercise program without having to pay extra for it.
I don't understand why UHC would not have the phone number for the appeals department.
The problem is the frames you only get $70 every two years to go towards the cost of frames and lenses where you get $105 for contact lenses.
He solved the problem and it's time to get me a better rate so I can't ask for anything better than that.
Every time I call your company I have awesome customer service so I really appreciate that.
I've been using this insurance for a couple of years or whatever.
I couldn't understand what the Medicare claim number is so I spoke to this young lady Justine and she helped me and then when she talked to me about blue and red card I thought it was a Medicare card that I had the AARP but it wasn't it's the Medicare card.
I always enjoy calling the insurance company.
You pay under the Medicare rate and you're very slow to pay your claims.
You gave me a number that hopefully will get me some help with my med costs and that's all I needed.
Just cover more percentage on my bill but other than that it was okay.
Well I'm getting a denial from the WellMed part of the operation and I called UHC and they said they haven't even got the claim yet.
However the cost of my medication and the tier three deductible is way out of proportion for what I can pay living on Social Security.
that they had to run through and figure out in terms of 'cause it was not something that I was going to be paying or able to pay or supposed to pay.
You've done everything you're supposed to do now I have to the hospital and find out what the bill is for after 16 months (unclear).
What I would like to see UHC do more of is when they reach out to seniors like myself disabled seniors who need UHC help and assistance in our homes.
All my I really have no comment just to say that the customer service rep his name was Joe was excellent and he's an asset to UHC as a very informative made it understood for the client specifying all the rules and regulations and the whole nine yards that a patient has to speak to the carrier first before they go to a doctor and he was excellent.
I'm not sure there's anything they could've done better on the call but this is the third time I've called on the same problem and they're saying that the provider is not in network and they claim that it's fixed and then it comes back the same way.
I was just disappointed that two medications that I am taking are specialty medications and looks like the price is going to be high no matter what.
I just wanted to get the deductible straightened out and I think it should show more on the explanation what part of.
The only thing that I wish when I got the statement that the claim was being denied I wish they would've said it was being sent back for review or something it said it was being denied and then next thing I know I get a bill from the hospital my (unclear) explained that no it was just being sent back for reviewing and he would take care or that so I wish the claim notice would've said further review or something rather than denied.
I can't think of anything other than if you paid me a hundred dollars cash.
The one thing you could've done better for me is to pay for some hearing aids and you don't pay for an out of network provider so that's the end of that.
My birth date is wrong for my Social Security card and I don't know how we can fix it.
And I appreciate UHC and I'm being a member of UHC because you were excellent customer service.
They I filled this prescription for the last 4 months and now they're refusing to fill it because they said my Medicare Part D isn't correct.
I can't think of something that would be better and the help especially when you're handling several doctor's bills.
Perhaps a transfer from the inquiries about my health insurance to my life insurance might have been more (unclear).
Send me my medication the way its supposed to be send.
Every time I've called United Healthcare all you guys and ladies have been fast efficient and answered all my questions promptly.
At Optum Rx you send people to the Philippines to talk to customer service people that can barely speak English this is a US Government program why are you using Filipino people thank you.
Explain why you would right not negotiable across the face of the (unclear) when you make a payment for a claim through the insured (unclear) some banks don't except the checks without it printed on it thank you.
I wasn't just sure of the many calls that I was getting from UHC whether they were official calls from you guys or not.
I wish you guys had prices of what things were and an update of my medical expenses so far to date.
I just wish you guys was a little bit more familiar with our Utah doctor's and area it would've saved me some problems and a second call back.
It's hard when United Health AARP has so many choices and so many different things coming out of your account to know where to go.
The prescription was written by my (unclear) and it was all called in pre approved and now we're getting denials and the denial is because they're saying I have no out of network benefits.
Well with passport I do have out of network benefits.
If someone before this denial of claim had simply done their homework and checked with passport I do have out of network benefits in (unclear).
I've chosen y'all for my wife's healthcare for a number of years and I expect I'll be choosing y'all in the following years to come and I appreciate the help that I always receive when I call about a policy.
Make sure the hearing coverage people Health Innovations or whatever it is their policies are known to your people UHC and that even well I wanted to know what flexibility in scheduling my annual check with them.
So until we hear that outcome of getting this to the doctor's to accept the UHC Medicare Advantage plan then I'll know more about how satisfied I am.
I'm getting bills from this ambulance company that your (unclear) with the company that would I was told it would take I just talked to a young lady.
He was able to let me know what my current balance is on the deductible and how much would apply toward the first injection of the (unclear) shingles vaccine so I really have no issues.
As opposed to when I called the billing for Aurora Health Care and they couldn't seem to tell me what the $10 was for back in 2017.
Well tell me that I didn't have co-pays to be paying on these surgeries that I'm going to have to have done that would have been just fine since I live paycheck to paycheck and sometimes I can't have them done because I don't have the money.
I got the excellent service I normally get from my UHC.
(Unclear) able to get information on my Medicaid card but I thank the gentleman for what he done.
I find that the service I'm receiving in terms of the physicians I can see has changed drastically over the last few years I've had this plan.
I do not plan on renewing at all because the doctors that I use to be able to go to are no longer covered by the plan and the ones you offer are horrible.
I don't think there's anything you could've done better for me but I didn't rate a 10 on the last one because I still have to give the information to my eye doctors office and as long as that number helps them then I will mark you guys as a 10 but until I know that number gives my doctor's office everything I need I gave you guys a 9 instead of a 10.
I had already met my deductible and I didn't the pharmacy didn't think I had but I have.
The call that I had was for a bill from a hospital that I have here for eleven thousand eight hundred and ninety three dollars and seventy five cents that I filed under my Medicare Advantage Plan the Shell Medicare Advantage Plan.
But when it got to UHC it was put under my old insurance which I don't have anymore.
And when the bills come in to be you know claims come in for payment make sure that they have the right information.
You should no longer be involved in Medicare (unclear) insurance fraud with (unclear) doctors getting reimbursed for services they never performed and cheated and made victims out of their patients because then you are part of the same (unclear) as the doctor.
I was fraudulently (unclear) of funds from my (unclear) from my plan and that is just the way of general practice of your dirty company.
I would like to know ahead of time why I have to pay a hundred and seventy five dollars when I get there and what twenty percent no one can give me an answer of what you are contracted to pay.
So but she was able to answer the out of the country the my insurance would cover a hospital stay (unclear) sixty five dollar co pay so that was very that was important information that I was calling for.
I'm not sure but the one thing that could have been done better is to maybe get my prescription filled right then and there because only having to wait for my (unclear) for another health care issue that I had from before.
but if I know it's you all have to have it and you know I'm not very happy with it with my tier for medications.
This is the second time I've believe I've been approved for UHC Dual Complete Plan (unclear) and apparently I'm effective May 1st for this but I've never received my medical card and the agent just told me that it's still pending.
how she resolved the issue with this stupid (unclear) company that billed me for $2000 and so forth and so on.
the records show that the insurance company had paid and it was like I was about ready to jump off the Golden Gate Bridge I was so upset 'cause every time I look up I'm getting a bill for this and a bill for that and so forth and son on.
Once I meet my deductible it will be fine.
The reason why I was calling and the insurance company it seems like to ignore me said that they couldn't hear me.
Well I talked with Jessica and I have been trying to get a ManorCare preferred card and I just didn't read it completely but she solved the problem and she contact Medicare Rx Preferred PDP and said should expect a card in 7 to 10 days from Arizona I'm guessing it is.
You have another one that's on your list that accepts no new patients so that's the main concern I'm having right now.
And I'm on fixed income and that makes it really tough to afford my medicine.
Well I have Humana insurance company wanting me to switch over to them.
Actually the oral service was really good and like their company like you have to wait for a least half an hour to get to the actually person.
In the beginning when United Healthcare was chosen no one shared with us that every time we get a referral we need to call you to verify that that person is in network.
We've not got over $1000 worth of bills from people that weren't in network and we got a referral for our doctor but we did not know to check with you.
Until just a couple of months ago I was able to get a premium receipt on the website print it down print it out submit it to my employer's insurance carrier and get reimbursement.
Why I can no longer print it out from the website the explanation is because you changed your website for healthcare ID and such.
It was explained to me I just wish my deductible weren't so high so maybe I could do something about that when I reapply.
I'm very pleased with UHC I've been recommending UHC to people that are deciding to switch in I believe it's October you can start to switch so I'm telling them you know get UHC.
I have never had any problems with UHC that's why I'm still with you.
in the last few years on the websites for the AARP UHC Medicare supplemental and Medicare drug plans but it's just changed recently and today I did have an issue because I didn't see a complete address in my profile but the person that I talked with explained to me that this was a new website and that all my information was in my profile.
Kept my additional insurance which you no longer have.
Well it would be nice if your insurance covered monitors from (unclear) mail order place but that's a minor issue.
You guys are the best UHC plan community plan of all every that I've ever had through all my entire time that I've been with UHC.
You guys are great and I really appreciate your help with my Medicaid because it helps me cover my primary care and a lot of other (unclear) too if I have to.
I'm so glad you guys issued me another card and the service is super duper excellent.
One thing would be if you complete the (unclear) transfer and send some kind of confirmation written confirmation for insurance would be a lot of help.
You sent a letter saying my preferred provider was no longer my preferred provider and she is.
You sent me a letter saying my dental premiums were not paid and my coverage was going to stop on 4/30/18 and it was wrong.
The young man today clarified that my payments are being made and I'm just sick of getting letters from you guys that are incorrect.
I was calling because my doctor's first name is listed incorrectly on my AARP Medicare Complete UHC card and I just wanted to make sure that everything was on the up and up and the billing was correct.
00 bill that they say they're not going to pay because the clinic said they accepted your insurance but the doctor says he don't accept your insurance.
So although I found United Healthcare frustrating because I'm here to get the bills from January but the customer service reps have always been really wonderful.
dear Ruth recently we sent you a letter that said your premiums monthly payments are overdue and we asked you to call or send payment and if you didn't we would have to cancel your supplemental benefits such as dental fitness or vision.
I am very dissatisfied with the fact that UHC discontinued her dental supplemental plan and now it has to be started over again even though the payment had been made and I had been in continuous conversation.
At this point in time I will have to contact them because they have not contacted the insurance company at all for any reason.
I have my list of all the drugs that you cover for this for me for this year with my plan.
I had a miscommunication on the copay of my doctor and it has caused me to fall behind on what I owe and I had talked with y'all to make sure the amount of the copay and I was told wrong.
My doctor's office sent the payment on Monday you guys claim you don't have it no on Sunday you guys claim you don't have it yet and you're waiting for the doctor's office to respond so I've gone since the 4th without being able to check my blood sugar on something I probably should have had by Saturday.
Well instead of having this issue drag out since January it would have been nice if my claim had been processed appropriately instead of my having to make numerous calls to the clinic to the billing department to UHC so it'd be nice if you people would research things more in depth as the gentleman Bryan that took care of me today and we were on the phone for over an hour and he did an outstanding job.
40 every month since March February or March I've gotten less money all those months and yet you keep billing me and they keep coming up and saying that I still owe this money.
My father passed away and it was an updated PO box mailing address and your stupid UHC wouldn't even take that.
It's difficult to understand when we get to the bill form the providers and bill form you.
I have to travel pretty far to find a Walgreens or a (unclear) so that is a limitation but I'm grateful that I'm healthy enough that I could take this lower tier coverage so I guess that's how it is.
So my husband's had one-day surgeries in the past and that's all we paid is two twenty-five so I'm surprised to have gotten this additional bill but apparently I have to wait for the next billing to see if this has cleared up but hopefully this is just a mistake and I don't owe the fourteen hundred dollars.
I faxed proof of my Medicaid through (unclear) and it takes your system 72 hours to validate that you all received the fax.
95 but my issue is if the insurance paid it in error why is it then my responsibility to pay it.
about if I wanted to at any time or switch plans 'cause I do have the extra help.
Okay because I've had a very bad experience with UHC on customer service calls in the last 2 months actually okay.
So I guess that's a care giver or is it a non care giver.
I was billed from the hospital $15000 and something and I was told I had to call them and find out what's going on when I think that the insurance company could've done that without me having to figure it out.
It's just going to be 4 or 5 days to get an answer back on my wife's eligibility.
I'm just trying to get a mammogram and I know I have a PPO but the facility I called said y'all didn't have a contract with y'all.
Well what has happened is we've lost our doctor up here in Angel's Camp and we have to get another doctor and it's not very easy here.
So I still think UHC is a good insurance insurance company.
She explained what I could save money on and what you know my or what the cost was so I could then make the choice.
So UHC I am so I wish open enrollment started tomorrow because I would definitely cancel my membership.
she is the first one that actually helped me get what I really need and without any too much issues or delays or anything.
It would've been helpful if when I changed my UHC plan due to moving from San Antonio to a city a different city it would've been explained to me how close I was to the coverage gap in reference to one of the medications that I must take for a bad situation that I'm in something I contracted due to no fault of my own.
Didn't realize that I was that close to the coverage gap and it is this medication that is very expensive and I just hope I'm gonna be able to continue to afford it.
I spoke to one of your agents Yara and she was most helpful spent 20 minutes with me explaining about my deductible and the copay and the fifteen hundred dollar max and looked up some of the individual appointments that I've had.
I had to deal through health care to get to dental and dental was totally completely uncooperative in helping me solve my problem which was refusing to pay the insurance side of having a crown installed and not having any option on what I could do to recover paying me paying for the insurance part of it.
I'm very satisfied with my plan I have good doctors and when I need help or I have questions UHC secure horizons is always there to take care of the problem.
I've got a charge of 20 dollars on my bill for use of the building from the I guess it's from the hospital according to the bookkeeper billing office and I don't think it should be allowed on.
I don't think it is allowed under my retirement contract with (unclear) five five five.
Sending in my charitable donations cuz my life insurance that I have with you all.
So you will pay my hospital bills because I didn't have a private room and the billing code that they're sending you is wrong and I would like to resolve this because they turned it into the collection agency.
You could've taken care of the charges from the last prescription that we had to pay 750 dollars for.
I just wish there were more providers under my program but that's all.
You could've not sent me a confusing service approval letter that says I was approved for services but then it has a bunch of disclaimers that makes it look like you might not pay for the services you said you approved.
It's all a financial issue with co pays and deductibles and all that kind of stuff on the medication my doctor just prescribed for me and she was incredibly helpful and very patient.
Helped me pay my d*** bills when I have some dental work done.
Everything was done well it's just that you was unable to get in touch with Medicare for me and I have to do it by myself but everything else was fine thank you.
I'm trying to get a house call visit with my medical claim you see there was a problem with my house call visit and that was the only problem I had.
I'm still mixed up whether or not I've got insurance on 2nd oxygen generator well I told the doctor (unclear) your place told me see what I can do thank you bye.
Hi the one thing apparently is that UHC does not cover various places that I like to go and that's sometimes problematic or at the very least inconvenient thank you.
Your vision center they sent a note all the information I need to know when I called earlier I did not like the responses I'm getting from the dental department I'm getting my prior authorization through it seemed to be giving my dentist a hassle because she sent me the letter and they gave only a limited time yesterday of getting in everything that they wanted and she said that she already sent it and it looks like to me on the printout too I don't understand what the problem is with getting that prior authorization on my dentures and suctioning my teeth through that's something that yawl need to work on quicker I like how fast the vision center answered my questions and everybody else I've spoke with but when it comes to the dental department that's a whole other ball game I'm not happy with it at all I'd like to see get more working in a faster pace or something to get something approved it's been about 2 and a half weeks now and I'm still waiting to get approved and my teeth are hurting they're breaking off more and more and this is already gonna be a slow process and yawl aren't helping it one bit by delaying it thank you very much.
Well I could use more insurance but that's my responsibility not yours.
I'm trying to find out why my plan a lab copayment that's what I'm trying to find out I though my insurance covered all my lab work thank you.
Helped me with getting additional insurance to cover my teeth and I'm thrilled with your service.
Some members cannot utilize the Internet and number two the automated system needs revamping and it's too hard to get to a live person or to the department that you need to take care of your issue.
The salesperson Donna helped me through the whole process of getting my rewards taken care of so I do appreciate the sales representative or the agent that helped me out.
Need to explain to your to people in the plan that if they need medical devices such as knee scooters crutches that they have to go through a provider that has a contract with you.
They need to know that before possibly when you authorize the surgery a note should be sent to the participant that if they need any accessory material or anything like that they need to contact a provider who has a contract with you not anybody else.
The alternative would be to put me in a nursing home or have home nursing care for 8 weeks because I can't put any weight on my leg so I think this what I (unclear) is a h*** of a lot cheaper than you providing nursing care in-home for 8 weeks.
Yesterday I was given 2 names and neither one of them worked out for me they claim they don't take the insurance.
And I haven't received the bill yet for my wife or my prescription drug plan.
I appreciate being able to pay my bill without paying a fee.
I'm not happy with an HMO I would prefer a PPO it would make my finding a doctor like easier for me but it is what it is thank you.
the one I got was on prescriptions and the other was on all the benefits.
Because they're charging too much for people that can't afford a lot of medication that cost so much.
As everyone I've ever talked to with the insurance company every time I call they're very professional and helpful.
This one did not have my dental insurance on it and when they look it up they say oh you didn't pay your premium but I'm on automatic withdrawal.
Don't worry but I keep getting letters saying I'm not covered and I don't like that and my card doesn't say that I have the dental plan and it's a brand new card.
Somehow or another you wrote down my wrong address and it's corrected now so I don't know how you would check to make sure you got the right address because you had it when it was my previous plan company plan.
I would like to know who in our area would help pay the UHC would pay my dental and the dentist in this area that's available to me if you could give that to me.
I'm calling to get a refund on a premium that was deducted out of my Social Security check and I called them plenty of times for them to cancel the dental insurance in a timely manner.
I live on my Social Security and when there's an extra $38 every month being taken out when it shouldn't have it impacts me some.
Apparently it was not your fault but I spoke with Katie and because I did not get a call back from Anesha last week and she said she was going to call and leave a voicemail when she did if I didn't answer about a claim that has not been paid to my foot doctor and apparently Katie called (unclear) insurance and of course they won't give her any information so I have to call them now to find out why in the world they are not paying or have not paid yet.
So that's really the only reason I called because I haven't gotten the automatic deduction yet.
this is the Carpenters Retiree Plan using UHC I think that it would be good if all the members or all the consultants at the insurance knew the plan better.
Well it's the first time that I've called and this is the first time I have with your insurance.
There seems to be a problem regarding the insurance cards as to where the insurance where the claim forms are supposed to be sent to or who they're supposed to be sent to.
In my case I'm supposed to go to Wellmed but there's nothing on my insurance card that says anything about where I'm at on it.
Just real confusing all these number I have to have to be able to get my prescriptions for coming up really soon.
Me paying for this unexpected bill that comes with a medical issue but not under medical care.
I just wish I had checked my coverage better than what I've been doing because I could have gotten more help for myself.
One I don't own a call center I'm retired and I'm not gonna get a business with call center but yes if I did I would hire this person.
Well I'm trying to have my coverage gap with my insurance explained to me and I think I understand it.
So I'm trying to struggle with do I need to have my doctor change this prescription so I don't have to be out to much money and I just can't do that much money to do it every month.
You know? I could pay it back off the insurance.
And put on there what would be co-pays or what would not require a co-pay.
But I just want to make sure that I will be able to still use the Internet to make my payments okay even though I know that the phone call (unclear) it's free but still I would rather do it on the email I mean on the (unclear) Internet.
it was good to contact your (unclear) Medicare card (unclear) I found out about it finished.
one of which was Sam's and I've been over here now for over an hour standing in the glasses department on hold with 2 different phone calls with this Medicare Complete UHC.
PPO HMO and that sort of thing which I know nothing about and I need that sort of thing when I am calling about insurance.
United Health is not a good health insurance company but she was excellent though.
they don't want to see me because unless I pay for (unclear) how much I pay and then so I pay to Medicare B $428 and still it doesn't get any service.
there's no claims for me but anyway you collect so much premium but don't pay to the doctor that (unclear).
The call was handled well the problem is that the company UHC doesn't have my ID number in the records for a dental claims office that didn't handle my particular plan.
My primary care referral team has called 5 times and they were told that it would take for out of network between 7 to 14 business days and here it is May the 9th.
I was just calling different insurance to find out about business (unclear).
Been able to contact to another office to determine if my claim has coverage.
I have a rare situation that I can cancel my insurance at any time.
They sent me a notice saying that my provider didn't provide didn't take care of the bill so they were passing it along to me.
The prescription costs are really crazy but I got the information.
Sent me a check that didn't say not negotiable on it.
The only thing I am a little concerned about is that when my mother had to revisit her gyno her well it's a procedure that she had and then they had a check that it cost her 35 35 that I wish on the second visit they could at least reduce that $35 copay because she's on a very limited income.
The only thing I don't like is when I get these companies that call and say they're with United Health trying to get me to do some (unclear) something and when I call they said they didn't know she didn't know anything about it because it wasn't on my thing because I said I keep getting these calls.
Just to let you know the representative Shandra was very nice but I had a question about how much you would pay how much Medicare would pay for cataract surgery and what is the cost to me out of pocket with out of network.
Nothing because I no longer belong to AARP UHC and I receive mail from UHC and the lady was totally able to figure out what the problem was so I don't have a complaint or there was nothing you could do to make it better.
Gotten me the correct information to my home after I went through h*** trying to get insurance through y'all and then not paying for the drugs which I'm in a catastrophic category and I've never had to pay for drugs and I don't understand why because I've changed to y'all that it has happened.
This is Marianne Ray and you could have explained the drug program more better saying the different tiers and I'd like to know why the same medicine I was paying fifty dollars a month for with a different insurance company with your company it doubled to a hundred dollars a month.
I can't afford several hundred dollars.
I can't even afford a hundred dollars which is a copay so you need to do something about that.
I just need to make sure that when I check back in June I correctly have a zero balance that Social Security is taking out my premium.
the reason I called is I got new medication and I thought the bill was extremely high and the operator that I talked to explained everything to me what was going on.
I'm a new user of this insurance so I really was confused as how it all works.
I originally had Medicare and that was a really simple process but I think in time with the next (unclear) I should be (unclear).
if I have or have not met my deductibles for that year.
Now if I'm already a member why do I want to buy insurance from you? I already have insurance from you.
If I need insurance then I don't have a member number to provide.
When I call in I don't like talking to a computer and I am sorry that my I don't get the same benefits that I used to get and that I can't buy it for cash.
Help me find a home healthcare nurse which I already have one but they told me I have to speak to my PCP.
It would be very helpful if you would leave the message on who you're calling about when you're calling the house because there's more than one person in this house that gets medication through Optum Rx and to call 'em back it's very much of a hassle.
if I don't get the letter and if I have a problem like this again I'm gonna get my insurance some place else.
Well I was calling about an insurance plan and you only had one insurance plan I was told and I got to pay half of my extractions and half of sounded like just about everything but my concern is when you go in as a cash patient most of the time they charge you half of the insurance.
One of the costs if you had insurance and one of the costs if you don't have cash.
When I got this plan to tell me that the deductible was as high as it is.
I find that very irritating (unclear) I don't see why they can't just update it on all medications for the same person or at the same time when they're provided that information.
I'm not used to having to pay this much for my medicine and I don't have the money to and I don't appreciate whatever is going on with prescriptions.
I wasn't able to get it resolved because my medicine was so expensive that I think I can't even afford to get it so anyway they did great.
I was supposed to be transformed to Express Scripts for some reason I never was so I guess I'm gonna have to them back myself.
I never had this problem with previous insurance providers and I'm quite disturbed about it.
I'm so happy that I have my insurance my Medicare through you.
It's just that she gave me the phone number for the catalog and they are a sorry excuse for representing UHC insurance.
I have no way of finding out who's in network who isn't in network why my bills aren't being paid.
I know I could not afford it and when you're in the donut hole and you have to pay 35 percent of 1800 it's a lot of money.
It would not take information that I gave it so I don't know what to do about that because I took the information off the AARP card that we have.
It was on the card for ten years before it was moved over to your group and everything should have been moved over at the same time and so the amount of work I have to do now to get all the right billings and numbers is going to be difficult the exception of what the doctor puts down should have been sufficient.
November or December to say how much the insurance will go up instead of me being blind and waiting until finding out.
The one thing is was to explain why I have a $175 deductible on a prescription that I've already met my deductible and I'm being charged for a new prescription.
I would like to have been able to register on the UHC website but I have the Medicare Advantage Care Improvement Duel Rx plan and I'm not able to register on the website.
That my insurance company is calling me to tell you that it's been paid.
When people file complaints there should be a case worker that keeps in contact with that person so that they know that you care.
Not have a problem with the website telling me that I can't make changes in my automatic payments.
We just thought we had a PPO but it turns out we have an HMO but that's alright we'll change it for next year.
Told me how much you'd cost with deductible plus the vaccine cost for a total amount thank you.
The only thing you could've done better would be to two things provide coverage for a back up battery for a CPAP during power losses for storms.
And it would save you money to provide coverage for the machine that cleans CPAP's because if I get an infection because the CPAP isn't cleaned correctly then you're going to be paying for that too.
Maybe the contract with the insurance they don't supposed to give me a medication that you let me know and I don't know anyway.
They need to get my payment system correct.
Turns out that the Medicare specialist could not answer could not connect me with someone who was in UHC enrollment non Medicare which would have been easier than hanging up and calling again.
I don't know how you expect me to pay if I don't get a statement and it's an easy thing to do and I'm not going to go through the bank and have it automatically taken out of my bank account if you've messed up sending me a simple statement this badly.
I just called to ask for Medicaid a Medicare provisions on dental and there isn't any.
Been able to have answered my question as to whether my insurance would cover my coverage or not.
Anyway's like I said check to see who on your list is actually accepting your insurance because most of the names you gave me in fact all the names that we talked about were not.
No the level of service I always get when I call your company is great and I have no complaints.
Help me find a way to lower the cost on my one medication (unclear).
Some of them are way costly and my coverage doesn't pay for it.
Update your Internet so when it tells me that I have to refill a prescription that I can go to the site and push refill and not go through the operator or some help to get to business.
So I have resolved it by going to a customer service and having them people check on it for me which is a bunch of baloney.
This customer service rep that took care of me could not have done anything better.
The only thing I'm discouraged is with the doughnut hole and the medications where just even one of my medications will cost me you know nearly 50% of my income.
You did everything that you could and it's not your fault that I couldn't get everything taken care of because it wasn't on your end it was my doctors end (unclear) didn't fax you the information on time.
Your breakdown of providers does not say whether they're HMO or PPO providers and that's very discouraging because I've already called several dentists and they were not.
they were PPO and I have an HMO plan.
I don't think it's you I think it is the provider that hasn't billed in a timely manner.
After 2 years I have been trying to call the number on the back of my card and the number that they gave me for UHC services for and for some reason or another they got my information input incorrectly or something.
But they keep throwing me into this Medicare and I have to actually call my county representative for UH at the district and that's the only way I can get any information.
I cannot believe after I've gone through tax services I've spent hours and hours on the phone that UHC has not remedied this situation.
It's pretty said because I cannot call and find out what my benefits are.
I've tried supervisors I've tried everything and I don't know where they got this Medicare information from but I am not a Medicare recipient.
I just needed to know if the place I was going to if the insurance was paid for or not.
I would just like to be able to find out exactly what my benefit is what the range is for cost for certain procedures and how much it would actually cost me out of cost for having a Lasik or having a colonoscopy or whatever.
So when a person asks for a number for a dentist after you guys make them switch from their plan to your plan at least you could do is give them phone numbers that actually take the insurance.
Because I can grab as many phone numbers I want off the Internet but I don't know if they take the insurance.
She simply wanted phone numbers two dentists that take the insurance card and not yet have you given her a number that works.
It's not UHC it's the people that order medical supplies that say don't worry about it your not paying for it the insurance company is.
It's a billing issue and she didn't understand the billing issue and I can't understand the billing issue and she's gonna refer it to someone to review.
(unclear) Medicare (unclear) that most of the places where I used to deal with they do not accept the Medicare Solutions group Medicare (unclear) and that is very disappointing.
And also some of your representative's are not aware and they give out misleading information because they called the places and they say yes and that's why I asked to talk to a supervisor Jennifer and I'm expecting a call from him tomorrow because I want her to confirm what she told me the other (unclear) of benefits okay.
The only thing you could have done better for me is to pay my health insurance for me.
Actually the customer service was excellent on the call and I just wish there was some sort of coverage for psychiatric in kind of in home not in home but in a inpatient psychiatric long term care of some kind.
I received letters and that but I've never gotten a hard copy bill to say when it's going to be in effect or anything what the new premium will be after this adjustment.
and take care of your parents and also like I said I'm glad I'm apart of United Healthcare center.
In fact she's even going to call me back tomorrow morning and get and we're gonna work more on my problem that I have with my with a provider.
Regarding your transportation service to the doctor and from the doctor it is the worst situation that I have ever experienced in my life for calling it a business.
I got the run around today from your team UHC was transferred to Wellmed was told by Wellmed they couldn't help me because they don't have my power of attorney on file that was submitted to you.
So the insurance was effective my other insurance canceled the first of the year and we're here were are the first of May and we're still having the same problem.
Probably you Rochelle you gave me 100 percent customer service like never before.
That's my understanding because there's no such thing as double billing if the doctor's already been paid and I thank her for her excellent work.
Advise your clients of canceled benefits and only advise them only after they made the arrangements to find out that oh they no longer offer this benefit.
No notification given to the clients that I know of and I have every intention of dropping this policy come the next open enrollment.
The only thing I wish is that you could have helped me some more with my how much I pay for my medicines and everything but I know that's goes under a plan.
You people sent me her plan and all her medical records gynecologist and everything else for the last 2 years because she is the same as the man that runs your company.
I have a problem with medical insurance fraud and I have a problem now with the mail coming to me with the other person's files which is mail fraud.
The one thing you could have done better for me is I call and I get a request for (unclear) oil put on the Tier 1 plan and that if there wasn't if it's not available as a Tier 1 drug that there should be another drug similar to (unclear) that is on plan 1 that somebody could use instead of having to pay for the extra money for the (unclear) all the other prescriptions all have something that you could use on a Tier 1 plan there should be something that could be used on a similar basis (unclear) on the plan 1 or Tier 1.
I wish that Walgreens the company was more responsive to you guys the insurance company.
I believe since my payments for the last eleven years have been deducted through Bank of America that once I moved from Florida to Connecticut.
Now I have to wait another month to make sure that you are finally going through the bank after deductions that you should have in the beginning thank you (unclear).
What I wanted to have done when I made the call was to get an analysis of one particular service provider as far as the amount that they had billed and the amount that I had been liable for and the amount that I would be having to pay through the provider instead what I was faced with was having to go through every bill one at a time rather than being able to just have your associate just type in one provider with (unclear) was a particular provider and say alright they have billed us X number of dollars and you owe this much and but we've paid such and such but that wasn't possible so I'm trying to figure out whether to have balance billed me or not.
I understand the letter was dated April 30th and I did speak to another individual on May 1st and that reference number was I126215482 so I was just apprehensive regarding this prescription plan that I wouldn't have to pay a late enrollment penalty.
Other than that everything's great as long as my prescription plan has no late fees attached to it.
Well I don't think it was anybody's fault about it Chris said that (unclear) I was supposed to be calling Optum Rx but Optum Rx didn't give me any phone number to call they called told me to call the number on the back of my prescription card that's exactly what I did but it was just nobody's fault and Chris was very helpful and thoughtful I'll call Optum Rx now thanks a lot.
Maybe just a better list of who's on your list my doctor gave me a list of the places to get x rays and it's kind of vague about who was covered who wasn't whose in the list whose not.
but you recently changed the website and I could not get into medical providers part of the system.
Just speaking to Robert he's going to help me out even more but there was an issue with the doctors in network in one place out of network another place and what not so I was getting billed for an additional copay and I've been calling and going around with this about a month ago but hopefully we're all good now thank you.
The only thing I'm kind of concerned out is it says dental benefits included but I was not aware that it didn't include maybe it's my fault I don't know about fillings also so anyway I know it's $300 extra a month to get that coverage which because of my age I'm living on social security and I can't afford that but anyway the gentleman that I talked to Brian was very nice Brandon I'm sorry and I enjoyed his personality and his taking time to explain everything to me so he really is a asset to your company okay thank you kindly.
When a person has a plan even though they don't order and keeps them in the know and about getting the new plan out of these fifty dollar over the counter essentials that (unclear) can get with a fifty dollar credit I was just trying to had to call in to get that.
I need to contact my own provider and find out if they can give me the shingle shot today or see if my provider is willing to ask for a tier exception so that I can receive this shot without paying $90 and so I want to.
And I guess when you get the Medicare they say your health isn't important and they no longer cover an annual physical they cover something that they call a wellness exam which seems to make no sense to me at all.
I can't think of anything you could've done better every time I called the representative for customer service is always pleasant efficient and always make sure they answer or take care of any problems so I thank you so much and I'm just enjoying being with UHC bye and have a great day.
I'm new to this insurance and I haven't really had a chance to make a good opinion or form a good opinion yet but so far so good I'm happy I tell others about my insurance and I do you know offer it as information for consideration thank you.
go back to the hospital and you know not let them charge me with an outrageous amount.
I have to pay $250 for a colonoscopy when Medicare first said it was free to me because I'm a high cancer risk.
But the price of prescription goes up and before it was for three months and now we have to pay for one no we have to pay like 12 12 12 36 dollars for 3 months so much for each month plus they are not covered I have a hard time to be covered from for the doctor.
I supposed to pay $10 for the (unclear) they tried to charge me 50 for my (unclear) $99 I supposed to pay 35.
Hi I did have a question that it was an over payment on account and it was my co pay for an emergency visit to an ophthalmologist and my representative could not find any evidence of this over payment so I'm going to just call the doctor's office and see what they have to say because I don't wanna keep any over payments that are not due.
Well I'm having trouble with the co-pays and why are the co-pays differing each time that I go down to buy the medicine.
They tell me to call the insurance and that is what I'm doing now to find out what's the problem.
Everything went fine I have no issues with United Health and this point we just started dealing with them but everything was fine.
Now I get a bill for three hundred dollars saying it's not.
I was just seeking information (unclear) to be double dipped on the whether United Healthcare was going to be doing the same as this internal medicine was going to do so anyway.
I was looking for the end of year out of pocket expenses for EOBs medical and prescription and the system wasn't coming up easily for her or (unclear) and she was having a hard time getting that information.
Yes I was making payments for the premiums and someone switched it to get paid through Social Security which was not authorized so I would if I had a recommendation I would say do not switch any type of authorization other than the one that the person scheduled because it really messes up things and we spend a lot of time trying to resolve it and I think it is resolved now.
I have that at my last insurance company and I seem to prefer that (unclear) once a month but I can get used to once a month too yeah that's alright too alright bye.
The only thing you could have done better was actually they send us this Medicare book yearly when we up for UHC and I called Medicare and they and I was there for 10 minutes waiting for them and then they tell me I'm not supposed to call them I'm supposed to call UHC so maybe that should be told right from the beginning the girl Evelyn was very very good though that's it thank you.
I honestly can't think of anything unless there's some way I could talk to (unclear) time I have (unclear) of the I just have to try to get her next time I call she gave me her name and I just hope I can get her for my representative when I need to call.
No you did everything right for me but there was nothing wrong just that I couldn't find the primary care doctor and it was not the agent's doing it was the fact that (unclear) put people that we called weren't taking any patients and the agent's great she's gonna try to find me a primary care doctor and get back to me so there really wasn't anything that we that transpired between us except the frustration of just not getting one right now so that's it thank you.
Resolve (unclear) it's been open since November actually since June we're almost a full year trying to get $168 reimbursement for a wheel chair that was purchased on her behalf and I'm still trying to get reimbursement and help my parents resolve this issue.
Have a solution with Medicare when people are in dire need of having equipment to support their life.
Right now my (unclear) portable portable concentrator and Medicare is not covering that because it's not (unclear) she needs that so I think it would be great if UHC would have some other means of providing people what they need thank you.
Today's call went very well with Angie the previous person gave us misinformation about activating our passport when we travel Angie was able to tell us that we only need to do that if we're planning to see a doctor for a non emergency situation such as continuing health care while we're on the road so that was very helpful thank you Angie bye now.
The other insurance company that we were dealing with people were not that nice.
(Unclear) I ordered I got the (unclear) where I can order a new mattress (unclear) for my husband's hospital bed but we do need a shower chair his broke but other than that everything is great thank you.
You could have followed through on a promises that you made to expedite my prescription I called back to follow up on it and the prescription is not expedited this is now I got without my medication for 5 days this is not not acceptable (unclear) medication that I take once in a while I have to take it every day 'cause I don't have a thyroid so when the woman told me that it was gonna be expedite it wasn't and then I called back the second woman said to well she started doing it but then it looked like it was just (unclear) and now we can't send it out to you we got to wait until Monday and it's (unclear) expedite on Monday that's really bad so that's my story.
But I most certainly hope that there is no glitch that I get any type of penalty assessed by Medicare because I was assured by your sales representative that there was no break in coverage that all the details would be handled and I relied on that.
I am hoping that the attestation that was late filed today by UHC will in fact take care of this but I am quite upset.
I just need to get insurance that charges less money for my medication otherwise I'm very pleased with the representative that I have thank you.
I'm satisfied you know again it's like it was a robo call telling me to call customer service to hear about any additional health benefits I may have that was it bye.
Yes I've done this before and been with your company (unclear) your company two years lots of problems in the past in those two years (unclear) another company last year went back with you this year (unclear) foolishly chose HMO instead of PPO (unclear) an eighty year old and an eighty eight year old (unclear) trying to get referrals from our prime doctor.
Why should I be a secretary when we're paying for an AARP Medicare Complete.
What is HMO we just got another card in the mail since January and they've changed our card my husband's card payer ID from XXX to payer ID XXX don't know anything about it (unclear) I finally spoke to a supervisor (unclear) hour and a half.
Following through on claims calling the doctor or sending them a note when they keep billing me and you tell me I don't owe it.
There's nothing you could've done better she did extra stuff letting me know what my insurance covered so I can go get some other help.
Explain to me why when you're on extra help from your state that you still have to pay when you get the donut hole if you're on a level four medication.
Fix the telephone line for the dental insurance on the back of the insurance card I called several times and it had technical difficulties other than that Brianna in customer service and Renee in dental insurance did above and beyond wonderful service and they were so patient with me thank you.
The girl that helped me was helpful because I didn't know how to get to the department that I make my monthly payment because there wasn't enough numbers offered so she suggested I just hit 0 and let them know I want to pay my Rx prescription payment so that'll make it easier come June so thank you.
There's nothing that you could've done better for me because I just signed up today they don't have my information available to answer the questions about the health plan not the health plan but the exercise plan that's available or not so I have to wait a few days that's all so you guys are great and keep up the good work thank you bye.
I would I wanted to know if how much you pay for test strips and if they're covered under my plan at my Krogers store in Loveland where I live in Loveland Ohio at Krogers.
So that was wrong information so that's caused me a lot of bad things that I don't I'm hoping that I can pay the acupuncture personnel for the treatments I've had which I don't think I can and I'm gonna see if my doctor can get it straightened out so other wise you guys are pretty wonderful but you deny claims pretty readily which I don't like.
If I had more options along the area of dental insurance that would be great but apparently my plan does not have any and I'm not sure what to do at this point thank you very much perhaps I can get a call back with someone who can advise me how I can get dental coverage I guess that's about it thank you very much bye bye.
I'm going to change the account because it's getting too expensive for me to keep up with.
So that's kind of messed up and then 405 dollar deductible was a little more than what my prior plan was with the other insurance company.
I just received a bill (unclear) and then I couldn't understand why they didn't pay some pay for some medicine and stuff through Dr.
You know I keep paying it each month and it runs into quite a bit of money you know.
And because I have a reimbursement account and the automatic payments were started but I still need to have a documentation of the monthly bill.
I've switched back to the paper system because I need to have a monthly bill in order to get my reimbursement.
I'm coming in right here in my health care my health provider ended up getting (unclear) with your insurance and from this point on.
Your agents and your workers there that they (unclear) they go the extra mile to make sure you on the plan understand and so you know what's going on with the healthcare provider.
Since everyone's sending out this application for healthcare but nobody answered the number that was on the letter here and that's the only problem that I have.
And therefore I can't be paying my bills.
The man kind of made me feel a lot better because I wasn't sure about losing my information on my insurance.
I'm satisfied with the attitude of the people I've talked to with United Healthcare but we've not needed any services beyond that and so thank you for your professionalism.
I'm I have all my things through AARP from you know UHC Meda Gap and you know she kept me from leaving Medicare part D.
She was so clear so efficient and I even have my car insurance through Hartford and so please just really happy because I have been unhappy for the last couple years with Medicare part D so basically thank you Anne and give Anne a promotion and so you I assume you know who I am Eva Norblum and my ID number is XXX.
Given me back my insurance that I had before they took it away from me which I feel was taken away with it was taken away with no notice and also I had Oregon's Health or Oregon's Care Oregon with my insurance.
I was flat on my back in the hospital now I have over 6 million in at least 6 plus million in medical bills and bankrupt needs and destroyed my credit and solved hearings and I can't even get anything you know quickly resolved because there aren't many legal resources able to deal with this or knowledgeable.
If I was denied my social security maybe I could get an attorney easy but it's different when you're denied healthcare so that's I'm not satisfied at all until this gets resolved that they give me back my level of care that I had that was taken away with no notice and-.
But we're switching from one of your Medica supplement plans to another because we moved out of state and the fact that we get this discontinuing letter before we get the letter that says when our other policy starts is really disconcerning.
I recently retired and my coverage is now through United Healthcare.
The only thing that could have been done better was this change of my AARP Medicare plan because I did apply for the Medicare not the Advantage plan but the supplemental insurance plan.
And like I said I've been with your Medicare Complete plan for over two years and I did need the supplemental plan.
I don't know of anything you could've done no better you know but I just you know wish that I could've gotten my report I requested a little sooner but the it ain't nothing they could do about that so I just have to wait so I have no complaints about my service I really do appreciate the service and I recommend to anybody anywhere anytime thank you very much.
I would be more pleased if they would put the co pays on the back of my insurance card so I won't be confused about how much the co pay is.
About the only thing is just having more of my insurance information readily available.
There is nothing that you could have done better I have got to see whether or not UHC actually processed this billing that I'm sending into 'cause my health care provider will not be (unclear) UHC Advantage I just have to see what happens (unclear) sent in.
Nothing y'all answered all of my questions and it was just the pharmacy being lazy not wanting to get a preapproval on all my stuff thank you very much have a good day I'm happy with UHC.
Send out all the information (unclear) I had a problem to just get more with the doctors in the network.
I was referred back to Medicare Part B so I guess that's as good as we're going to get.
Everything in the call went fine just double check to see that my uncle really did not have coverage under double A RP and your representative was very good at giving me the information I needed thank you.
Oh nothing it's just that I have to call after this again I mean I have to call (unclear) but get extra help in paying the premium.
You could find a lower price for the generic (unclear) than what we're taking at 96 dollars for 90 pills and it's a d*** generic.
I believe this product runs about 17 or 18 dollars in Canada and you can buy it about any place you want to I think through a pharmacy.
00 every month for this service and I get very little in return therefore after I'm through getting my glasses and the whole situation I am going to cancel and your operator was extremely polite and very well informed.
I give UHC a big plus because they've always helped me to get the information I need and I just praise and thank God that they will continue.
The only problem I have are the prices of the medication and I know that doesn't have much to do with you.
I have called there about 5 times to talk to just a representative of your and I'm in Florida at Coconut Creek and nobody takes this insurance.
I ended up going to an urgent care 5 times now and instead of paying $5 I ended up paying $25.
I can't find an MD I can't find anybody that takes your insurance down here.
I'm just wondering why (unclear) it's taken a minute to get my dental work approved when I've had some (unclear) done and you know all stuff was sent over but I guess that's the only thing problem that I have getting that approved.
You could've covered my previous oxygen provider even though it's out of network because the one in your network does not any way near suit my type of lifestyle.
I thought that using Optum RX mail order and 90 day supplies would be always be the best deal for me but I just learned that I'm better off getting 30 day supplies at CVS because it would be much less expensive than the Optum RX for at least this specific drug that I called about which was a tier 3 drug and it is upsetting to me that there's no way I know that unless I can get somebody to do price comparisons for me and I.
The insurance coverage I have with you is my Medicare Advantage.
You have loopholes that prevent you from covering my claims and I hope that North Carolina will reevaluate (unclear) coverage to retirees who you're servicing and also as something that is actually beneficial.
Wish they had still continued with the wellness fitness program so when you got to the gym that they do cover if not all part of the enrollment or fee that it's required.
The United Health (unclear) very good job and I liked it and I will recommend to all my friends to insure with UHC.
Well I was given information when I got the plan that any procedure that I have there would be a charge I guess it was a co pay or whatever for $250 and I'm finding out that that wasn't true that it's 295.
(Unclear) the dentist (unclear) and I have to pay $100.
Then I have to make another (unclear) appointment (unclear) and I don't know if you're are aware (unclear) and the firs time I've been on Medicare the first time I got to the dentist (unclear) insurance in my life and I was walking and (unclear) easier.
(Unclear) insurance maybe would be better and these people answering the phone-.
I guess apparently I didn't fill out the form properly so I must not understand what I did because you requesting to you to fill out another form which I called and they're gonna help me they helped me with that so I guess that's why I could (unclear) okay thank you.
Needs more information about what needs preauthoriztaion it appears that everything including prescriptions need to be preauthorized.
Well I'm not happy that my deductible (unclear) from 166 a year to $183 a year and the same for my (unclear) so I'm not happy about that.
You could have had cheaper specialist prices copay thank you.
But since my plan does not take effect on until June 1st and because apparently that's just never done for privacy reasons they weren't able to do it.
You could've provided me with coverage at the dentist that I've been going to for years that's what you could've done.
The dental coverage is not good at all because I have old caps in mouth and it only covers 1 a year so I don't know what the deal is.
I would recommend UHC to anyone we have been absolutely 100% satisfied and your service reps are great.
And that preferred payment was over $300 I wasn't expecting that and I thought they were charging me too much for the medication.
I liked your machine because it immediately let me ask for a representative without hassling me which happens far too many times with other companies so you're doing a great job with the recorder as well so you did a great job.
Yes when it comes to the organizational determination because we need it because none of our doctors are in your network it would help if it were easier to do and if there's a way to get the doctors that we have on your network.
I had my prescription card but I didn't have my Medicare supplement card and I went to the website UHC and I looked in Ohio and I called a Cleveland number.
My insurance was taken out of network with the doctor I've been seeing for a while.
So if you all could do something to change to fix that situation it would make it better for a lot of (unclear) worrying about from day to day if my doctor is going to be in network or not from day to day.
I think that it's cheaper to have in home health care from a family member (unclear) to be paid instead of paying like $4500 a patient in a nursing home where they don't want to be and you all don't provide that service and I think it should be reconsidered.
Especially when your agents have told a representative who told me four times I would be reimbursed from my meds and due to something that wasn't my fault.
But the amount of money is worth it because I was not done proper and I don't understand why insurance can't step in sooner because I called as soon as when it was going on and didn't get the type of assistant from you all that I should have or I've been told I will in the future if I have a problem to call.
And that's all I know is that other than two blessings in this service Natasha but she's the one the first one that said you'll be reimbursed it's a glitch it's a little technicality we'll get it taken care of and you'll get reimbursed no problem.
It's taken three calls to get my issue resolved but I'm not 100% sure it's resolved yet until I talk to my pharmacy.
I would like to have UHC be coordinated between customer care service and provider care so that if there's anything that happened at provider care the customer care would be able to go in and find out what happened at the providers number.
You could have dropped the price of my increase on my premium is outrageous.
Tell me whether I need to pay this $15.
I still don't understand not your billing but the patient billing from the doctors that I was calling about so it's not your fault this I may just change the doctor.
So all I need's my copayment.
The one thing that you could've done for me is pay more of my dental bill that is being submitted to you.
Her name is Bree and she is really helping me a lot get insurance approval for my power chair.
I wish you have also dental insurance but she told me that I can United Health has another company with dental insurance so I'm going to think about it and call them.
I well you're doing great but I get bills before I get explanation of benefits and that was the issue today.
Unfortunately between the doctor's office and insurance I still don't really have an answer.
printed information about diabetes and apparently you do not provide anything like that and I thought that was probably something that my health insurance would do.
I was enrolled before and now I have to pay again.
Again I wish I was able to fix the wheelchair I presently own but issues concerning where it was got is at hand.
So I think for people to pay their premiums because we have to pay those and for your supervisors to be so busy that a customer has to hold on the phone for an excessive 30 or 40 minutes is horrible customer service as far as your management team was concerned.
That it was a PPO plan and it was accepted by the office which makes me very happy because it's a doctor that my mom and I know of and that she's seen before.
I'll just have to try another day to get the online account working again with the new health ID I guess.
my teeth going into my jaw and I'm a diabetic and all diabetic patients should have dental insurance and with my plan it doesn't require me to be a rider for any insurance and other than that everything is fine.
couple of years and your customer service always professional and courteous and tried to solve problems and like I say all my problems have been solved except for the dental.
I would've appreciated if you had reported to (unclear) my reimbursement account that your premiums had gone up from last year.
I was hoping to keep my same provider but she's not in network.
in this bill they said if I paid 371.
30 I didn't have to pay anything the rest of the year and the guy that I talked to said I owed 4 hundred and some odd dollars for the full.
It's just that on my part I suppose I could have called to find out exactly if the services that I was going to be receiving would be covered or not.
I do not understand your billing compared with what Social Security is taking out of my Social Security check and what you are charging.
Well it's not that Charity could have done this better but I have received a letter for reimbursement.
You could have been a little more in detail when talking and gave me some more positive feedback especially with helping me with increasing the food stamps or helping me to get groceries that would've been good feedback to hear because senior citizens don't seem to be represented more we're poor and we need more with gas going to the doctors back and forth we need more food especially if we got a certain illness I'm a Lymphoma patient as well as diabetic and I need to have more fresh fruits and vegetables that's about all.
I didn't quite have a thorough understanding of exactly this is my first EOB that I'll be getting soon and I didn't understand the lady why the provider has not received payment yet my the date was 4/24 date of service I was told that it was submitted May 4th though the bill that I got from the provider said April 30th and today is the 14th which it seems like 10 days was if you got it on the 4th 10 days is a little excessive.
Advise me how much was paid on this claim by who and what I owe the money thank you.
Instead of just sending out a bill for the amount of the (unclear) we do not owe and that's very upsetting when you know you paid it.
A little better on knowing the cost of standard procedures other than just giving me percentages of what it would cost me.
Any charges on my Medicare or insurance should be call me first to verify it prior to authorizing or sending money.
The only thing that maybe would help is instead of putting a code A927O non covered item or service tell me exactly what the item was like the medication but anyway that's the only thing.
00 which I (unclear) concern that this could be a fraudulent billing and-.
I do wish as a vendor that you had CPAP dot com because they have a lot of the products that I need.
They unfortunately don't deal with insurance and I would have to pay cash for it and then get a 80% reimbursement-.
I could not get a definitive answer on the premium cost on the drug coverage for my son.
I'll get a bill for my normal premium and then it all came doubled (unclear) for less than half.
Nothing the whole thing I would have liked is to know that (unclear) health care was in you guys provider directory to continue with using my diabetic testing supplies.
it doesn't show that I had signed up for benefit plan.
Well if I had my card already that would've been better but you're taking care of it and that makes me very happy.
Well it's going on 2 weeks and I've been trying to get authorization from the insurance company to so that I can go to the pain center 'cause I don't have any more visits authorized.
I don't not have Labcore insurance so I didn't I mean not Labcore UHC insurance so I shouldn't have gotten this bill at all.
CVS pharmacy is not returning answering the phone I'm driving over there seeing what's wrong and we'll get it all taken care of tomorrow.
I've never paid a deductible all the years I've been with a Medicare advantage program with UHC and I never had to pay $60 a month before for on top of the deductible for the labs.
29 $39 before my dental (unclear) 'cause now there saying I can't be covered in time with the way my dental plan is with the coverage.
It's just so much information being received up front ahead of time and the enrollment guide is not adequate prep for enrollment.
I don't like the way that your billing for the insulin pen will just take 76 dollars for 2 months supply.
The payment was not applied to the bill that I just received so there was a current balance due (unclear) he checked is not due.
They couldn't resolve the issue because the system wasn't working and that wasn't the fault of the customer service representative just the fault of the system.
That's all the customer service she was a very she was very good and she said she was going to write to see if I can get my (unclear) lowered since is such an old (unclear) from a 3 tier to a 2 tier.
You've always answered all my questions and giving information I need and let me know what you pay and what you can't pay and all that in which I haven't had any that you haven't paid much or very little.
Get me out of the coverage gap so my meds won't.
so my wife's medicine won't cost so much.
Actually she did everything just fine I'm sorry that the therapy that I think I need is not going to be covered but that has nothing to do with customer service.
Well I am just waiting to see if I get a cancellation of a bill that I shouldn't had.
The only thing is sales tax and not all that information but let the people know you know if they trying to change pharmacy and found a cheaper price out there what can you know what it is.
Here I'm looking for a cheaper pharmacy and no ones able to help me out on that I have to go to my doctors office and then they have to send it in and then I'm not shocked as I go I'm not looking for cheaper I'm shopping.
I'm not out there comparing prices I'm trying to compare which pharmacy between CVS Walgreens and Walmart which one gives me the cheapest value and I can't do that I gotta actually purchase.
And then that turns into a big hassle there's something wrong whenever y'all can not provide people with the cheapest prices at these major carriers for your prescriptions.
I called the company I was billed that did not have my insurance they had needed verification of my insurance card so I called back to UHC.
You can cut my payment down to ten percent instead of twenty.
You could've the insurance could've had more available (unclear) in the (unclear) for insurance because I had hard time finding a doctor.
When I left the office that day they did not bill me 20 dollars co-pay but now I get a bill from (unclear) Health Services for 20 dollars which sounds like a co-pay so I called to ask about that and I found out that it's because I responded yes when she asked me if I needed refills.
I know it says in the booklet if you if they discuss anything else with you you have a co-pay but I didn't ask for that.
Well you put my primary doctor on my card but when I went to use my card for another appointment they said he wasn't registered.
I've lost my good surgeon because they're not on this plan and this is a good plan.
I was calling in reference to a late enrollment fee and there is nothing that you could really do about it because the 90 day period or whatever has expired on that.
Yes I understand I don't have OTC benefits and I was told that I would have them when I signed up.
I've gotten excellent care with everything that Medicare Complete did for me.
Being informed of what policy that I have and the incidentals I'm told that there is copay for this and then it's copay plus more and I was told that if I go to the emergency room it's eighty dollars and I get a bill for a hundred and four dollars or ninety four dollars instead of eighty dollars.
kind of picked my spirit up about my insurance with AARP.
In regard to amino therapy you need to have a set amount plan program so that someone can very easily call and get the amount that is gonna be.
Not always UHC's fault not always the doctor's fault and I just cannot spend hours on the phone on hold while your agents look things up.
Told us that Dual Complete is not offered in the state of Nevada instead of having me call back and look like an a****** and talk to somebody and ask to be put on Dual Complete and you don't even offer it here in Nevada.
What you did today was good however I had to call this is the third time and I got good service today but the other two times I got wrong information and I almost lost my coverage for my Medicare Part B D sorry.
When I called yesterday and talked to Austin he referred me to Medicorp to try to get durable medical supplies but ends up they don't cover diabetic supplies at all so I'm frustrated that I was sent to a place that cannot help me so the one thing that you could do better is to make sure that your data is up to date and you are sending people like me to the right places.
It would've been nice if the telephone conversation could've hooked into Social Security but it's not United Health's problem.
Help me to get a handicapped ramp put on my home because I don't have the funds to do that and that's one thing that this nursing home is requiring that I have to go home with but that would've been a great relief if I could've had some help doing that.
I just have to find another insurance company which hopefully I can do it next year.
Well the one thing you would've done better I felt I was getting my cholesterol medicine for ten dollars and I had called and the (unclear) told me yes okay this guy says I have to order it.
Well the only thing I think you could've done better would've been or is just the way it's all set up and that is is you know some way I would like to know in some kind of a form that when I receive my Social Security benefit statement it would show what is taken out to my Advantage for example Isha explained to me that I have Part B taken out a hundred and thirty four dollars and Part D taken out ninety dollars and so then you know I would be more aware because my husband just died and I'm trying to stumble through all the stuff that I have to look at and it was really things that I had signed up before because he's been ill for eleven years so but most of my time was spent on caring for him.
And so now I understand that actually instead of getting what I thought was seven hundred I'm actually getting two hundred and something from his benefits that I didn't realize I was it's going to pay for medication and you know that I have and medical.
(Unclear) agent I find out that Walmart optical center does not accept UHC (unclear).
the donut hole cost is unheard of and I never went through anything like that.
You could've paid the whole bill instead me being having to pay close to $200 for my bill.
I have I really don't have any complaints or comment other than I've been my wife and I have been very pleased with the coverage we've gotten from AARP Medicare Rx plans.
I just enrolled in this prescription drug through Medicare and I am very satisfied that you have people like Nash who can explain to us.
Not telling the people in the beginning that I didn't have coverage so I wouldn't have had to call in to verify that I did have coverage.
The one thing is I called about my supplemental AARP last year with United Healthcare.
Again with AARP and United Healthcare and I went through all the explanation and I finally at the end of the message.
Hey I'm tired of having to call every month to get my bill straight and I don't need to talk to a computer woman.
Yes I'm hard of hearing and I need hearing aids so I need help with purchasing them because they cost more than what I can afford.
I was enrolled in this plan without my permission and I think in the future when you're enrolling somebody's spouse you should contact them to see if they have any prior coverage that they might want to keep instead of automatically assuming that this coverage supercedes the prior coverage they had.
He called my pharmacy and he saved me a $175 off my prescription that I'm picking up.
I wasn't totally sure that when I go to call in my prescription the next time I need a refill that it's going to be as I expect it to be so I'm hoping I'm about 90% confident but I'm not 100%.
It just says A9270 non covered item or service but I had no idea what the item or service was that was not covered.
I don't believe that I should be paying for diabetes check up with the doctor the co-pay.
They sending me bills instead of sending me an application so that I can apply to have the membership money withdrawn from my Social Security checks every month automatically.
However when I originally signed up for this I didn't realize the co pays that existed for.
I'm paying an awful lot of money me and my husband for this insurance and I'm not getting to use it.
I'll give you my Medicare number when somebody contacts me.
I won't save any money on prescriptions because I have to pay the same amount because I'm in the doughnut hole whether or not they're delivered which is not at all what the first gentleman told me so you need to train your people better.
John did say I'd have to call Social Security because I had the extra help and now I don't so now my payments to United Care United Healthcare's going to be almost 300 a month and I'm on a limited income.
There's CVS pharmacies and Walgreens pharmacies in abundance but the only pharmacy that seems in the 85755 area is Walmart so I think that's probably the only downside I had but it wasn't.
When it comes to dental premiums it needs to be made very clear that the $24 will be a $34 charge starting the time you enter into a dental plan eve if you don't get the services done that requires it you still owe $34 a month until you call of and close it down.
To resolve this problem it is going (unclear) UHC the problem is a passport account that was not managed properly.
If you're going to sell passport insurance policies then your representatives should be trained on passport policies.
Reinstated my insurance so I could pick up my prescriptions.
Customer service is great we just need to work on the prices of the medications that some are needed very much so.
It would've been nice if I would know right now whether my claim will be denied and whether I have to appeal it instead of waiting for my doctor's office to send the bill and then probably get it denied and then wait and it's just so much time and extra work.
or the Medicare advantage I would like to know earlier before I do MRI or any imaging that they have.
I do like United Healthcare and I will continue to use your services.
I was jut worried about my payments but she said they'll come out of my Social Security check even though my Social Security check is 2 weeks later than the payment but that's all I was worried about.
I'm just having a hard time finding a dentist that takes this particular insurance but otherwise your customer service rep especially this one today Denise did a great job.
Send me my 2017 drug pharmacy whatever you wanna call them explanation of benefits for my husband.
I just want a basically a dentist that will actually take my insurance here but that's.
He did confirm my information as well address but I'm just having a hard time finding a primary benefit actually that will refer me to a (unclear) because I'm going to need a root canal but other than that everything's been great on the call and Eli went above and beyond the call of duty and he just.
I don't have Medicaid so I'm satisfied with everything that I learned this evening.
I got really good service and of course copays could always be somewhat better but that's not in your perimeter.
I got a not negotiable check from my dental services of $50 and I took it to the bank today and they wouldn't cash it and that's because a batch of checks went out but I received this check 2 weeks ago and I just held onto it until I went to the bank and you're always send me all this information about everything else but I think you set out this batch of bad checks you should've sent everybody a letter that got the bad check not to worry about it cuz they said that I'll probably get a check for $50 in 2 to 3 weeks.
that they sent out bad checks by mistake but I love your company and you do a much better job than Humana or Blue Cross.
My plan didn't cover the organization that I wanted.
I've been with your company for quite a few years and I appreciate the service and that's it for me.
I can't even say customer service and I've been working in customer service since I got out of college since 1993 and my last job was a customer service (unclear) so I appreciate when I received kindness on the other end of the phone.
I'm upset with what I received in the mail with (unclear) denial of payment isn't specific enough but Cindy who I just spoke with explained to me how it works but to the average consumer it doesn't really explain it only paper so.
On your Medicare advantage billing statements of your monthly premium you need past due and that you should put the month that you had it for.
She would just tell me it was either going to be 35 95 or 20% and I wanted a definite figure of what my co pay was gonna be.
That gives a customer an idea of when and you know they should reorder their prescriptions not wait 'til they're empty.
Instead I think I got hung up on I'm new to the system I have Medicare I've got the advantage plan.
So I understand that United Healthcare should've paid it but after receiving 4 notices it's still not resolved and then I called on the.
my insurance with the donut hole and my prescriptions and the co payments and that it's just too expensive and they weren't able to help me solve that problem.
So my dental insurance reversed some charges on May 7th and today is the 16th and I called up just now to see if you have that reversal.
because I didn't pay my premium.
Actually Ms Patty she helped me out on the information I had about my prescription drugs and the tiers that they were in the cost.
I had a question about UHC paying for skilled nursing homes even though I was.
Well my primary care doctor quit so in order for me to find another primary care doctor it's going to cost me $20 co pay for each visit 'til I find a doctor I want which is not especially welcome.
I'm quite satisfied with you all's taking care of my health insurance.
The only problem I've got every time I call they just read what is in the insurance book instead of giving me a yes or a no answer on my questions and so which is the reason I was calling to find out if they would pay the claim and then it sounded like she thought they would and that what I had been had told back in September was that I had to wait until May of this year in order to get the prosthesis and for the insurance to pay everything except for the co pay and apparently today that didn't sound like it didn't sound like I had to wait until May of 18.
Just resolve the issue of getting our money refunded that they UHC owes us.
My only suggestion for you is that I think you should offer a discount for bundling your services if someone has the prescription coverage and health insurance coverage through you.
They don't say that on the ad on TV they say if you have Medicaid and Medicare that you can qualify for the dual plan but they don't mention any restrictions.
And I think the cost of added drugs for someone in my position not required and trying to market it to me is foolhardy and costly to the American tax payer.
You definitely answered you know my questions on you know I didn't get things you know taken care of so that I you know I will you know be able to you know send a check each month to you which because I have not received it because I had the wrong address.
Everything was handled very nicely except the problem is that my medicines the deductibles ridiculous and by the time I reach it it's not really helping me.
That would have helped you know that I could have gotten my situation taken care of but it was a tough situation because I was discontinuing the insurance (unclear) because I'm not I can't afford it.
Maybe if the name of my hospital would've been listed separately but that's no big deal.
Be nice if it covered under the part D the entire cost of the immunization but I understand you can't do that for everything.
But I don't know that mail order is any way to go since they probably all use the cheapest pharmacies they can get to.
Hi I needed to cancel a insurance plan and I wasn't able to resolve that today but it sounds like in about 2 days I can get that resolved.
I just had a question about the dental insurance and the guys even sent me to Medicare Advantage so it was really a (unclear) call.
you know the first payment that it's supposed to be deductible.
Leah person I have spoken to in lieu of me trying to find out about supplemental insurance finding a doctor that participates in the plan it has been inconsistent and completely unreliable.
Actually I just changed to you guys this year on Medicare and I'm very happy with Terri.
00 with my insurance AARP it's going to cost me 100 and some odd dollars so unfortunately it's too much money for me to absorb with other medication that I have to take.
So now I gotta go to the hospital see (unclear) hospital because it says (unclear) the amount provided billed the plan and total cost amount that the plan has approved is zero and my share was it doesn't tell me (unclear) pay the bill if there is a bill.
I'd have to pay them and then you'd pay me back.
I think the main thing is to get these doctors authorized in a more timely manner because this one doctor I really really really need to see I'm going to have to pay out of network to see and the application's been in for quite a while but she's still not approved yet.
I think your system needs updating because you have sent me late fees off and on for years and in doing so it's accumulated an extra payment because my bank has been paying you direct for years.
I don't know where UHC ends and Reco Medical group begins and why they're not exchanging information in a better way.
Make sure my bills get paid and I cuz the doctor return.
He's sending me back home if the bill is not paid.
Because here I see I was paying the June bill twice.
But when the insurance company you call them they're saying no.
But yet when I call another Walgreens they say it's an insurance company policy.
my husband had a knee angi and it cost a co pay of $50 which see on my card 15 25 and 65 for the hospital for this was quite a surprise that it's $50.
Just fantastic customer service that I didn't really know was available anymore now days.
I would like to have better dental coverage at a more reasonable price.
Which he actually even pays the bill for me every month.
And I get the emails from everybody else but for whatever reason it's not possible for my co pays the amount out of my pocket to be sent to my brother Sean Becker PHD.
I just want to say that the service I get over the phone from United Healthcare is fantastic.
If I belong to a health club and exercise regularly I think I should be get some sort of compensation as because my being a member of health club certainly helps your cost keeps keeping your costs down.
It's now the problems I'm having with your insurance company regarding the services I need from them that have turned into a very costly matter.
I'm gonna look for another company and I'm calling Medicare tomorrow and having a long discussion with them over this.
Pay for my prescriptions because I can't afford to pay for it.
So that they know when the supplement is canceled the other doesn't continue to bill.
Even though there's zero premium for the complete plan I found out I paid a premium for five months for one that should've been canceled.
(Unclear) $225 bill that I have to pay out of pocket.
Levine back as my doctor and my insurance company and my insurance is back on track.
the medications because you had one of them wrong in your system saying that they overlapped and that wasn't true at all and that's why it was straightened out though.
you're taking 2 medications that match or you're taking too much of 2 different types of medication or whatever before you just deny it.
Yes my name is Sonia Moyer and I'm with UHC for years years and maybe more years to come because it's a fantastic service and we are very happy (unclear) with the service they giving to the patients.
I got all of the information that I wanted (unclear) but (unclear) concerning in a chiropractor when it's concerning about more money coming out of my pocket that I don't have.
a member of UHC you folks have always treated me.
Anyway (unclear) I have had to y'all before and say I didn't see it come out of my bank account so I would like to pay you for my premium even though it is 500% more than it was last year.
I am no longer under your insurance care.
Not have to change doctors every few months because they quit taking your insurance.
I guess that you (unclear) today I guess (unclear) today on the questions had to tell them about my benefits from my doctors.
yeah the first call was was never (unclear) customers service (unclear) needed.
At this time and the experience I've had with UHC I just don't see anything at this point that I need that you would need to improve.
I wished that you would either credit my check sooner than you do and would not send me bills that reflect a non payment of the month.
not not give me the credit and then bill me for both.
Faster with the information but the lady was very patient and I had no quarrel with the Medicare Advantage program through the Arizona state UHC thank you very much.
The only thing I can suggest is that the doctor's told me one thing about how long my referral was valid and the representative I talked to that that information was incorrect so I'll just have to back track or double check with the doctor's office again and I don't really think that's your fault but unless he was wrong so one or other thank you very much.
I started in January I had something done two things and when they put it through my doctor's office I never heard anything from the or the insurance now this is getting ridiculous says I'm on hold they send me to another person I'm on hold they send me to another person and when I got to the third person they tell me what I have to do I could have did that two weeks ago for what I have to do and I'm not happy with your PR system OK I'm sorry but I'm not really you know I'm trying to explain it right and one person tells me one thing and you know what this time I was told something different and they told me what I had to do with my doctor they did that two weeks ago.
I needed to know exactly what the providers that were on my list that I'm supposed to be seeing as an outpatient who also are members of a teaching hospital are paid and whether I'm responsible or not.
One by the name of Albert and the other by the name of Maya regarding a mailer that I received from AARP regarding prescription discounts at local pharmacies not mail away from Optum Rx and it seems as though neither one of them were aware of what the benefits of this were for or why I got it and I'm sure it must've been mailed to thousands and hundreds of thousands of people and it seems as though nobody knows what it is.
Well the problem was getting a hold of my doctor to have them agree to put me on my insurance under his name rather than another doctor in the same office because I've been I have been with my doctor for over twenty years and I don't want to change doctors just because I changed policies and they're working on that trying to help me so I'm glad and hopefully we can get it straightened out they promised I should have a answer in a couple of days thank you.
It would help if you covered the brand name prescription of Abilify and you don't it would also help if it wasn't so expensive the co pays weren't so expensive for the Abilify other than that the representative was wonderful.
You explained about this new healthcare ID so that took care of it.
receive this information (unclear) or that they could receive it you know at the beginning of the year or the beginning of a cycle so they would know what they're dealing with.
Well the one thing more is that I tried to sign up to have the payment taken out of my Social Security check in February and then I just got a bill this past week for $68 because it hasn't been taken out of my Social Security so I'm hoping this is all straightened out now.
The gentleman handling the call was an excellent representative for your company however I just found out that you guys changed (unclear) coverage and (unclear) a large amount of money (unclear).
There's a lack of communication somewhere between WellMed and UHC or something but it's really ridiculous and everybody at UHC has agreed that I don't owe it because I've reached my maximum but nothing is getting done.
But I've had this issue before with your company and I wish they would advise me early on if my payments are not going through properly.
Otherwise I have no issues with your customer service at least the person I talked to.
Yes UHC has always satisfied my needs.
Well I wish everything for the prescription coverage and the medical coverage to find out how much I'm paying for them were all on one page.
I only wish that some of the insurance companies that I deal with in my private practice had such good customer service.
I can't get any help from y'all and I am about ready to find another insurance company because your online people are not knowledgeable at all.
My issue was that I my primary care physician somehow has fallen out of your network even though he hasn't really and you still haven't gotten him back in or he hasn't got himself back in so I don't know what you could have done to fix this.
It's no problem of United Health it's just some billing that I believe has gotten mixed up and they're trying to help me with it.
I talked to two representatives in the last ten minutes and the first one told me that on the shingles vaccine ShingRx the I would pay $20 and but I wasn't comfortable she knew what she was talking about so I called back and this one said I would pay $47 for two different shots $47 thirty days apart.
If you haven't called UHC for anything what are they calling you for.
It's very upsetting that after so many years of paying insurance that I'm now on a drug for a pelvic fracture that after insurance I'm paying $1050 a month and I'm told that I have the best insurance coverage.
It's not UHC that I'm having problems with it's Optum Rx the prescription company that you use.
And they're terrible they're just a terrible prescription company and I can't get my stuff like I need it.
And I'm thankful that I have the United insurance plan that I do.
The have to mail everything to the Medicare plan so it was the technology issue it's horrible.
He (unclear) the amount off my bill completely because I can't see paying for something that I did not use.
I'm just confirming that Blue Cross or UHC is my provider and all I did was call in to confirm that I have a secondary and had to answer lots of questions.
The coverage could've been better switching to this Medicare plan not everything is covered the way it was under my plan last year.
Explain why I got into the donut hole the same time every year even though the cost of my prescription has gone down significantly.
Nothing my questions were answered I'd rather have paid the 85 dollar copay up for my medicine that I was originally quoted but I understand the reason that the bill.
I've not connected to the Internet so I have no way of looking things up and it seems like your representatives have a hard time finding doctors names.
Coordinated your information my previous letter dated 2017 says we do not have an LAP and it came from UHC and the current one we're paying this year says we do have and LAP and I'm thoroughly confused as to why we should be charged an LAP when where coverage was available and we had taken advantage of the coverage through Marsha's employer where she was covered by the insurance that Aetna provided and then subsequently Cigna please give me a call back at 4074663199 thank you.
pre authorization was signed by my doctor as written on the authorization was said approved by UHC unfortunately it wasn't approved the way the doctor sent it in so that confusing for the patient confusing for the pharmacist confusing for the doctor confusing for everyone involved with this pre authorization (unclear).
You could be more flexible on your copays thank you.
I don't know if this is a issue another departments or not but the dental department needs updated information and they need some way to confirm it just because now I am stuck with paying the bill and because of misleading and misunderstanding and so that would be my recommendation as far as anything I've experienced so far.
Better explanation of what is covered especially under eye sight and (unclear) case and also with the one it covers if your regular deal that I have doesn't cover it now I understand that (unclear) that covers in some cases eye sight and also dental.
I have no problem with dental but my wife does that's it thank you.
I keep I keep getting letters saying that my my medical insurance has not been paid on time.
So I don't know what the problem is and this is like the third letter I have received telling me that I haven't paid my medical insurance and I call and you tell me it's fine.
There seems to be a problem with UHC getting payment information from maybe a third party administrator and therefore the customer service person Syanne was very helpful.
But if she does not have access to that information it puts a burden on your customer service people when they're trying to resolve an issue and they can't get it resolved and then that ensues another call back.
I need some insurance service please.
The employees I spoke to they're very helpful friendly and caring but the phone system the automatic phone system that you have for Optum Rx leaves much to be desired.
It has nothing to do with the rep it had to do with the response time with the individual provider and the services for me.
Nothing could've been done better today on the call I've been on the phone with United Healthcare all week and today Taylor B figured it out for me.
I am trying to change my mothers address I have power of attorney and she's 95 living in a nursing home she doesn't pay her bills I do.
With your prescription plan I called to see if Medicare and you covered shingles shots and knew where one that's out now.
And I looked through Medicare online to my Medicare I looked through UHC's prescription plan and I can't find it any place.
So I called to see if it is covered and I guess it's a tier 4 and I'm gonna have to pay around $45 for it so I have my answer.
The gentleman that helped me I believe he said his name was Brian let me know that it can take anywhere from two weeks to a month to have my issue resolved with reference number C1115 having Medicare UHC as my primary dental provider with my retirement plan (unclear) Blue Cross as the secondary and so he told me to call back again in a week so I'll call every week for the next three weeks and hopefully it will be done.
My deductible (unclear) really helped me understand the bill.
And if you don't respond right away it means we just want to get a payment made and get off the phone or take care of something else.
I'm happy I'm with AARP and just realize that I just have to possibly look into a better plan at open enrollment.
Yeah the only problem I have is the covering of the (unclear) but I resolve that with another pharmacy thanks very much.
Then I found out it wasn't gonna be paid for because I didn't get my primary's okay first.
I had received a bill from a provider and I shouldn't have.
Your procedure code is accepted by Medicare and it's a new procedure so I guess I will give you some leeway on that.
The only thing I don't have is the telephone number for the supplemental insurance I've just recently moved and unfortunately that didn't come with the rest of my stuff so I need to find out how to get a hold of someone there and make my payment maybe I should look at the card and I have a card here so somewhere I must have it but that's it I believe.
Pharmacy service (unclear) of all pharmacies and so you need to change those cuz they are too busy to handle this kind of thing.
I appreciate any help you can give me on this matter of this bill of $39 which the service was done on March 1st 2018.
I know that and it shows it as a tier 1 or it doesn't really say what tier it is but it shows that my cost would be 47 dollars but when I check the pharmacies they tell me anywhere from $150 to $171 dollars and the representative I talked to said that's because it's a tier 3 and there's a deductible for the 2 and 3 but it's not clearly designated as a tier 3 on your website furthermore it's telling me it's going to be 47 dollars.
The claims department in dental has no idea what the customer service representatives are saying and it's vice versa.
00 deductible why y'all don't get those bills in and get them paid.
I don't know why Walgreens did not accept my prescription insurance card.
He gets an A plus and so does my insurance company for hiring him and for always being there when I need you thank you.
Actually at this point your everything was good on your end it's just that this nursing home that I want to get my husband in if he needs to be for a short time for physical therapy said that UHC didn't my plan they don't accept UHC but then they said that one time they accepted the Advantage plan that I have and they never got paid.
'cause I found out that mine would be covered completely once I get over this case of Shingles then I can have the shot to protect me in the future.
Not to say I won't get it again but it will lessen it apparently and so if the doctors' could have that information before hand then they could help us patients when they talk to us about you know if it higher cost and all that kind of stuff.
So but my customer agent said as long as I have the form and as long as the doctor calls in it's gonna be free of charge.
Explained my prescription drug costs a little bit clearer thank you.
I have to take so much and it's so expensive and the copays are just not.
Absolutely nothing the gentleman was (unclear) professional and treated me with respect and went toe to toe with the provider (unclear) issues were and got those resolved and (unclear) billing cycle instead of reimbursements (unclear) amount so thank you very much.
Well I am trying to get a answer to hearing aids and I'm getting different answers I don't understand why I get my hearing aids at Costco and I don't think they take Medicare and I was informed I believe that I should go to someone who takes Medicare or the UHC Advantage plan for Medicare but I don't understand it because it where I go to Costco the hearing aids are so much less but yet I'm not able to get 'em there pay for it and then be reimbursed and I wish someone would inform me the proper way getting saving money for Medicare and also for myself rather than going somewhere where I have to pay a hell of a lot more to get it covered and I was told two different ways one was a limited amount that they would pay another would pay 100% regardless of the cost I still don't know the answer thank you.
The call I had today was wonderful she was very helpful explained things very well but when I moved into this county and changed insurance companies I really wish I would have went with someone other than UHC this plan that I'm on is not being supported online so I can't get any information online about this program that (unclear) on that I'm on I'm very disappointed about that and open enrollment is in October I'm probably gonna change over so that's it thank you.
I don't understand my statements and my paid thing so my billing was off.
is covered until the 31st and that I didn't need to renew thank you.
The customer service representative could not explain to me about the Medicare plus plan or card and I wish you would have had more information regarding that.
Basically if you're leaving a message on an answering machine let the patient know what prescription is being ready to refill then I don't have to get bounced around to three different people.
I had two of your representatives one named Brian is very good in the dental program but sometimes there's a problem that when we want to make a payment and do the survey and we say yes then sometimes when the person who I'm talking to on the phone hangs up sometimes I get a beep beep beep and disconnected and when that happens I get a dial tone and I can't get my survey like I promised I'd do so just a thought and best wishes for you.
I do not like receiving bills in advance for money that I do not owe.
I wish you would've allowed payments through discover that's the only credit card I have and I would like to make credit card payments.
They're trying to get me a ride to my appointments because I have no transportation but now I have problems with co-pay.
I have 3 people taking me to collection agencies and I don't have a credit card.
So co-pays because I can't pay them.
A notice of denial of payment was sent when payment had actually been made and this was actually my co-pay and the co-pay is more than the out of pocket maximum.
I wish your policy was different I would like to be able to stop receiving paper statements for my prescription plan but I do not want to do direct.
I want to go each month and pay it myself online but obviously that is not an option thank you.
Oh actually this doesn't have anything to do with the call but the fact that they no longer cover Benzoil Peroxide 5 milligrams I had to pay for that out of pocket.
This is Doreen (unclear) and I just received a bill today and it has to do with the writer on the dental and the fitness training and then they're saying that I own money.
I just want to make sure there's no mistakes because I don't want something happening if you know it's saying here I need to pay and he says I have I showing a 0 balance even though it's telling me it's due in full by June 1st and I thought I wasn't going to receive any bills if I already signed up automatically.
The reason I called was to find out whether the Rite Aid pharmacy in Clinton Massachusetts is permitted all the neighboring Rite Aid's in the neighboring tows are but this was one was seemed to be explicitly excluded.
She couldn't give me an answer on what my total premiums will be.
my husband's account and mine I don't find it really necessary to repeat all of the information a second time but I know that's your practice.
Well the thing you could've done better is not send me an email saying your choice to go paperless with UHC is confirmed when I never made the choice to go paperless.
I just found out today that there was a lower plan than the Medicare Saver Plus and I don't take any medicine at all.
Therefore I don't even need this and I've been paying $53.
But until I get some (unclear) I'm (unclear) that one medical drug not too happy about that and I can understand that but we don't have the money so in order for me to get this drug I'm gonna have to give up other medication to report it because quite frankly what I'm going through as you can see on my charts this the first time anything has worked there's no generic and my doctor's had me on about every kind of inhaler there is but that's for asthma momentary health when you do it and wight lung cancer of course that's been in the hospital twice already over this and when he gave me this as a sample from my doctor I mean from one of his people that (unclear) 7 days on the first time this stuff is dynamite it's the first time anything has worked other that for just a minute on those asthma inhalers emergency but they don't last all day they just last a little while this lasts all day and that's phenomenal and I can take actually the first time in years a deep-.
Y'all have done a great job I'm very satisfied I would rate y'all as a 9 or 10 and I can't think of anything you could do better than the way the problem was handled except possibly call me 'cause there's an issue on my monthly payment.
Well I don't know of anything that you can do better for me I just when I get my bill I just pay it and then I want to go to the doctor I use it so I don't know of anything.
I don't know I've had great service maybe you provide my payment for my medication maybe it's Medicare anyway I'm good with United Care.
I received confirmation that everything in my insurance plan is okay and that's a good thing.
And I have to write letters to Optum Rx and Medicare and everything else just to get coverage that I used to have and that is quoted to me.
Of course you take the money out of my bank account.
But I wouldn't change my medical insurance with nobody else but United Health.
I found out from the representative Benjamin that my problem is I can't sign up online until my benefits actually start which is July first I don't think it really said that anywhere on the paperwork that I couldn't sign up until my coverage begins he was able to determine that for me so I will wait until July 1st and then try to sign up for a website so again if you could've made that more clear on the paperwork I wouldn't have called I the first place.
care enough to get to the bottom of my problem of needing to be reimbursed for medicine that I had to pay for and I sent in 2 receipts and got reimbursed for 1.
And I've gone through this procedure trying to get paid for the other ones for months and months and on and on now and it's just becoming ridiculous.
My problem was I could not get into the UHC website and the solution was to go to a different browser so if you put in your books that people should not use let's say Edge which is what I using and have your people know that I should not use Edge that maybe I should go to Google or Opera or I don't know one of the others it would have been faster thank you.
Well the one thing wasn't anything to do with the service I received when I called into United Health customer service but you should look into your new website because it doesn't work and I'll never use it again.
I have been trying to change my mail order pharmacy and evidently UHC does not have a list for their customers or patients and I think it would be very helpful to have more than one option.
I have such a hard time getting where I want to be to pay my bill.
I didn't get any I haven't been dealing with people over the phone and I don't understand the forms I get but I'm so pleased with the service I got today I'm sure it was good service if I would've needed it.
not going to be covered rather than going to the pharmacy and paying full price.
Your dental plan information is confusing and we got billed when we weren't supposed to.
All we got was a bill for two months of the premium service dental and we didn't want it in the first place.
Actually there was not much you could've done better because the place is closed but I was calling on a double billing which weird that it's already been paid for and it's not something that's covered under my insurance.
I guess an override for a prescription that you are not covering.
The payment plan that I get I just you know (unclear) so I need to get on the payment plan that I pay monthly.
where they can get our (unclear) stay at the same doctor we did have because I don't like to change doctors but if I have to change doctors and go to another carrier I will.
I need (unclear) providers listed both by name and company name so that I can find a provider in my area.
you've done a very good job and how the billing (unclear) your department in time and the facility that was charging for (unclear) drugs whether we (unclear) plan so I do appreciate them but (unclear) opportunity to file a paper claim but it's very frustrating that the other facility that did the charges never sent the electronic claim directly to you and that's my concern.
You could let us know when a walk in clinic or urgent care clinic is no longer in network because my urgent care Express Docs used to be in network last year and it cost me $40 extra this time.
I'm very satisfied with my health care plan and I have no complaints.
Guess what they do not do UHC so the service and quality of this call was terrible.
You have all these doctors listed and also you have the representatives listing them and they're not practicing.
I guess the error made that my new Medicare Complete card had the wrong doctor on it but somebody (unclear) and I don't know how they got the.
the only issue I have with UHC is for some reason I'm still listed I think because of a previous insurance with you guys as not being covered and if you don't speak to a representative things are usually denied.
'Cause they tend to bill separately from to us bill to us directly when they haven't even billed you.
I got my information that I needed and I'll be contacting you by the end of the week because of a letter that needs to be looked at because of my prescription coverage 'cause I have I don't wanna get the LEP to avoid you know the late enrollment penalty.
Make my drugs more affordable and get rid of that donut hole 'cause it's killing me my drugs I'm diabetic and they cost a lot of money and I just wish that I had a straight plan without this donut hold in the middle that's so used plus I have to pay for the plan so that doesn't make me happy.
I've bought cars in shorter amount of times I don't understand why it takes so long to just change an expiration date on a credit card thank you.
The only complaint I would have is that my prescription copay has gone up.
I am the PPO not a HMO.
They've been a really good insurance company to deal with and I have recommended this insurance company to others.
You could've paid my deductible for me that's the only thing that I know.
Find a way to get my medication at the original cost rather than bumping me up to a new tier.
My deductible was too high so I have to pay the deductible and then the prescription would be much less.
Before that I was kinda concerned it was just like my other insurance companies I've had.
this has nothing to do with the call that I just made to find a new primary care physician but I did receive a call today about the house call program.
It seems to be confusing to the providers and it pays to double check with the insurance company namely you.
I had to pay for the generic medicine the same price as the real one and I don't think that's fair for us.
I paid regular price for a generic and that's not right.
I paid the full price for a generic as I paid for the real thing.
The only thing is I didn't get a bill for my June my June bill.
I have had such wonderful experiences with every single customer service person I've ever dealt with or anybody else for that matter.
It's a wonderful company or health care provider and I really appreciate all the help that I get.
And the doctor won't do it because United Health is not paying them.
I think the UHC could do a better job of educating the physicians and the billing people as to whether they are going to be participating with your.
Every time I call this phone number it's wonderful but when I call for my prescriptions it's horrible.
I don't think it's UHC it's with the physician's office.
I just love my insurance and I'm really happy to have this insurance thank you so much.
that's too bad you'll have to talk to Medicare so I talked to Medicare and they said can't do anything for you UHC whatever they said that it was UHC that had to do something so at this point after enrolling three times and receiving confirmation numbers and reference numbers which on the third time when I tried to get that information people said nope can't find that reference number so too bad so I'm really very distrustful at this moment but anything can really happen so David did the best he could.
You could have had your service people that kept transferring me from one person to another they were very (unclear) on that because they were telling me they were gonna help me and they didn't eventually they put me on hold and hold and then they cut off so I do not appreciate that because I got pushed around it was San Francisco health service system and yeah I was treated very poorly today and the automation is not getting off and I don't fault them I fault the people that transferred me from one person to another he's a human being.
I probably just should never have switched to this insurance company to start with.
Yeah you changed the coverage so I've got a community center that I go to that just has the Silver Sneakers and Silver Sneakers some other plan and now that you've changed it to Optum it sounds like I can't go to the one that's just right down the street and I'll have to go to some special one and you do cover some here in Portland but I wish that you covered Silver Sneakers or if there's some way that you could do that because I pay an extra beyond what they take out of Social Security I pay an extra like 400 and some dollars on top of that.
Yeah the one thing you could've done better is you could've extended the time I have to get a physical to September 30th and with the full $50 reward.
I don't understand why June 30th is the cutoff for the $50 and then you get 25 in September 30th and there's no way I could change my doctor's.
I would like to be able to speak to like a customer service where I can give my opinion about things that I like about the health plan or things that I think that United could do to make the health plan a better plan and there doesn't seem to be any such connection.
of a bill that was not paid since last year and no one (unclear) to help me with that.
You sent me 25 days but you denied 5 days that I have to pay for in cash.
I don't think it was really worth it's the form that I have to fill out for a pre op surgery and that was from the doctor's office so other than that I don't really have to fill out anything from you folks except for when I first became a member through AARP for your Medicare Complete program and all that went very smoothly.
I got all the help I needed I just wasn't happy with the answer I had about a check you all were supposed to send to me a month ago and haven't received and they're going to have to go through the process now of canceling it and reissuing another that seems like a lot of work for we don't why it didn't get here and that's it thank you.
There was nothing that could have done better I think the insurance plan could have been a little better and picked up a little more of the cost of the office visits when you go in to the hospital for services and you don't see a doctor.
But I never received any from my insurance company and so I guess it's (unclear).
Have one person coordinate the issues that I had as far as getting a health care a home aid care for my husband as opposed to speaking to a different representative every time I had to call otherwise the representative that helped me was excellent and for whatever it's worth deserves a raise went above and beyond thank you.
I'm not sure I guess it was the communication between the pharmacy and the insurance was better because we didn't know what the problem was so somewhere along the insurance company must have got I mean not insurance but pharmacy must have gotten something mixed up but other than that I think everything went well.
Well today's call with Natalie referred now the nurse line and I will ask my questions with the nurse 'cause that's where I need to go next have a great day thank you bye bye.
Got in touch with First Health and made sure I didn't get this bill that I'm talking to y'all about now.
Probably you know gave me some information that I was requesting okay as to you know my state and the date that this drug is being taken out of my.
Try and get my money that (unclear) the hospital has.
The first time I called to say that I moved they said I wouldn't have to change my insurance policy and I guess that it cost me (unclear).
The customer service rep can't do anything else but claims seem to be there too long before they're actually paid they're entered into the system it says it's going to pay it but I don't know how long it takes for it get out the door but I'm still receiving invoices from the provider.
The only thing I can think of is make the copay cheaper than $430.
The representative answered all my questions and everything and I guess she has nothing to do with the location of the places I was looking for but I would appreciate if the insurance company would cover more medical supplies.
I had to pay a 200 dollar up front copay and (unclear) for my (unclear).
But as far as ordering or anything else I don't have a problem with that it's the problem with the shipper is it postal service is it Fedex or UPS.
The only other thing is of course interestingly Medicare Part D doesn't pay for the Shingrix vaccine where BlueCross BlueShield when I had it of course paid for all of it.
The lady from the special arrangement I made with United Health to pay my account off and she found it and executed it with perfect experience.
We'll find out and I will get my payment in right away and I thank you very much.
00 co pay because we don't even know if I have any polyps and Humana they do pay for a colonoscopy every year.
So I don't know maybe it's time to change my insurance company.
The one thing you could have done better for me is to have Optum and UHC perhaps speak to each other and get their systems coordinated so I get the same answer from both sides of the fence because that's not what happened.
What you're doing now is pure customer service and that doesn't happen anymore and I for one appreciate all that the United Healthcare provides me and with your customer service people.
Yes this is (unclear) and I wish you had resolved the issue with the bill with my (unclear) doctor (unclear).
so it wouldn't take an hour and half to change doctors names on your insurance card.
I am so fed up with UHC and what I'm doing right now trying to get into a secure message that I've got and instead of calling me back and telling me what was wrong you sent me a secure message.
You'd be able to pay the bills and you know either talk to your customer service or talk to somebody before they decide it's not covered.
Because I've just gone from Medicaid to Medicare and then UHC.
Well I wish my dental program covered my deep cleaning but I do appreciate if.
So as of right now I have no access to my AARP account.
What would also be helpful would me after Medicare had approved this (unclear) of the late enrollment penalty if there would be a confirmation saying we confirm Medicare has told us there will not be a late enrollment penalty.
Specified on our insurance cards what the copay would be if you had out patient surgery at a out patient surgery center it just give the 3 copays a copay for your primary PC doctor a specialist and ER it didn't say that I had a $275 copay for out patient surgery.
You had I call up three times one day I get the doggone bill that they're going pay it and next a couple of days later I get paid one that they're not going to pay it.
I was satisfied with the service it's just I'm not satisfied with the benefit coverage on the dental plan.
I usually like to talk to them first and then I call the insurance company I definitely call you guys all the time because I like to talk to somebody that knows what they are doing.
Sometimes you talk to the hospital and the doctor is not there they really don't know what they're doing and you guys know everything that I think I know you guys always help me out so I always call the insurance company my insurance company calls which is you and discuss the issue with you and not only them.
I don't think there's anything you could have done better most companies are not as accurate and clever as the folks that I spoke to over the last few days and I really wish to commend them for I have 2 accounts with you one for me one for my wife and for some reason your electronic funds payments for my wife got transferred backward into my account.
This my 3rd call to UHC to get a new healthcare card I'm changing my primary physician and he keeps saying that card and my old primary care physicians so it's been a month trying to get my get it straightened out.
Vanessa was very helpful with me today on the call she spent a couple of hours on it seems like trying to get me covered for something that UHC will not cover I'm gonna (unclear) tomorrow I was tied up with Apria who I was understand UHC was covered and they weren't covered so I wasted a week and a half that's what you can help with could have made things better is if I didn't waste a week and a half trying to find a (unclear) and now I'm gonna have to pay for this out of pocket that's all I can say.
Hi I've been with UHC now for 3 years your AARP and I have been trying to reach Jeff Warren I cannot seem to get through to him anymore he doesn't I don't have a direct line anymore and when I call your numbers it says Jeff Warren but then it transfers me to a call center.
I saved the letter of services approved and I was trying to determine what a particular code meant CPT2095 and your representative said they could not tell that it was guaranteed that it could not be paid we think we know what this is and we think that it's gonna be paid but I'm not 100% sure.
I enjoy the customer service that I get each time I call UHC keep up the good work.
I actually called looking for Medicare Complete which is not available to me in the new area that I moved.
one of the administrators could inform them of your number because this night has been so helpful and I'm afraid a lot of other callers might not be you know so if they if there (unclear) regular customer service doesn't know this number it's just really a real emotion.
The information that I was looking for on a billing that the hospital that I am dealing with is claiming that UHC already paid there portion of the bill and that I have a $80 copay.
And the thing that makes it a little more confusing is that there was another co pay that of the same amount of $80 and there (unclear) service date is only 1 day off.
But the account numbers are 2 different things but he can't find he can't give me the information that he's see's in his hand where I have a copay that I have to pay for $80.
He can't find it in his system that I owe another $80 and (unclear) community hospital when they sent the information they said and I quote.
Your insurance health plan has paid the balance showed above is the copay and or deductible owed by you left any payments you have made to date-.
I can't think of anything that I would need that wasn't given to me by Tammy from UHC.
I didn't really care for this one right now so I'm going to call my primary care doctor I'll take to you later.
Not charging for so much insurance to pay and still not getting the health plan that we're supposed to be.
And I will recommend United Healthcare AARP Medicare Complete to all of my friends and I do that.
59 credit for Potassium and Deltiazem prescriptions that (unclear) got thrown into the donut because you guys charged me for Eliquis and I'm still waiting for those.
I think I could've been informed that there are co pays past my co pay that's on my card when I receive it.
That when I go to the doctor there's a possibility that they could charge me additional co pays depending on what the service is that they performed.
the guy the customer service representative that depended on what they do past the office visit as far as tests and shots and blood work and things of that sort that they can charge an additional co pay for those and I was not aware of that.
That's something that's only being done at the pharmacists which is from what I understood so that means that I would have to pay 45 and have to get two shots and that'd be really $90 I would have to pay out of pocket so I'm going to opt not to do that at this time.
It's been at different times for this claim I've been on the phone for several hours total and now I'm still being denied and it I don't do not suggest anyone go with UHC and as soon as I can change to a different insurer I will.
Linda (unclear) is my name and the claim now is (unclear) and (unclear) Labs and it seems like every time I get a claim there's a problem.
I just had a new the primary care physician was changed on my card which I hadn't requested but she's going to get my right one back on my card.
And I'm very pleased with UHC AARP Medicare and then the fact that with this dental platinum plan and everything I got with y'all.
So far I am okay with the service your service.
And I really appreciate UHC being my insurance company.
I'm very upset with the way UHC has handled this claim that I tried to complete.
I can't control that and it became a part of my medical plan and I thought it would continue as long as I stay with your company.
It seems like the breakdown was on the United Healthcare end were I had rejection from United Healthcare and that claim was not in the system.
Well I didn't receive my insurance cards yet but that wasn't Pamela's fault.
So might just be the only thing is just receiving my insurance cards.
My hope is that in anticipation of transitioning over that the information I got this morning regarding my out of pocket cost for these maintenance medicines will match up when I do this again in late.
I think that Medicare should've paid for at least part of it.
It was Medicare solutions and that was no longer available to me to use as I've been using the last several years under a very serious heart conditions but I found out through my insurance that I was covered because of my plan but my.
And as I told the girl the Medicare and U book for 2018 has bone density's being covered.
I could have been notified earlier than ten days that my Medicare or my AARP United Health coverage was going to end.
I'm just not satisfied with the fact that I can't get him into a nursing home because they're not accepting the insurance.
I tried to tell them that and they told me that my insurance said it wasn't covered but the doctor's office should've known that.
I wish I had gotten a better insurance to begin with so I wouldn't have to pay these copays.
But I'm trying to get a dental provider over here and I am getting nowhere after spending from 8:30 to here it is pretty close to 11 O'clock.
I cannot get someone that would help me with my dental issues for the dental plan that I'm on and that person did (unclear) quite a few prices and they're saying they are not on the PPO.
So I'm not sure what good your list is if I can't find someone that's gonna help me with my dental plan.
that you would call me back and tell me some providers that are acceptable.
I think it was a matter of me not totally knowing what was in my plan or what is in my plan and as I am getting older and disabled now I'm not sure you now what my insurance policy is.
Yeah this is Carolyn Malator when I have called before about getting (unclear) anti depresses you want to charge me $200.
I'm low income there's no way I could pay $200 for a prescription.
So I will find me another insurance company coming up this December it's ridiculous $200 for (unclear) it's a very old medication anti depressant.
Your customer service department is great your UHC insurance program is horrible and after 10 years I am switching to Humana in October when it's time for the new renewal.
you have doctors that take UHC and they're not on your list.
Which I find very perplexing and now I have to go through hoops and calling billing departments and everything else to try to get the doctor we're trying to add as our PCP and it can't be done because UHC doesn't have them.
I didn't realize that you have to register for UHC under individual accounts.
Last year we reached the gap after 12 prescriptions so something is not right (unclear) the medication has gone up by 300 percent or something like that which I doubt so I'm not satisfied.
(Unclear) I answered about 20 questions maybe 6 months ago (unclear) for United Health and I was supposed to get a discount card which I never got and I I'm just trying to (unclear) that down whether I actually was talking to United Health or whether someone let misrepresented themselves.
He's no longer covered under the plan and I liked him very much and he's helped me tremendously through my heart surgery and everything and now I am I can stay with him at an additional cost but it would be quite above almost twice as much with the co pay and twice as much with the visits and everything else so I guess I have to have another doctor I'm very dismayed about that and I don't wanna hop from one doctor to the other.
I was calling about my renew rewards which we've enjoyed over the years and I was looking back at this information here and it didn't say on the information I had to have the exact date of the service the wellness and physical so I already did that but that would've been nice (unclear) effort to call back.
The reason I put a 6 there is because I was calling about my benefit for an exercise place and I'm disappointed that Oklahoma is using this Optum Fitness Advantage instead of Silver Sneakers because the place I wanna go takes Silver Sneakers.
I find it hard to think of anything better but possibly the only thing would be that one of my insurers does not one of my providers my prescription providers.
But I will contact them to make sure that they have you as the insurer.
I'm just hoping my medication is in or at the Post Office right now.
There seems to be a snafu in paperwork out of network physician's I've gone to this physician 2 or 3 times before and now this time I'm being told that she's out of network.
I would like to know about the private insurance you have so I don't have to pay the copayment okay thank you.
This is the best service I have ever gotten from my people at UHC.
You put me on you recommended (unclear) and sent me on this Dexcom system for glucose monitoring but yet when I call people you don't know anything about it and you don't have any idea on the cost or anything like that.
So anyway that's what we're going with and so that's the only thing but I have to say that UHC has been the best customer service that I have received from any major company ever and I would highly recommend my friends my coworkers my family members to get the insurance that I have now.
But I needed help with a benefits claim denial and to this point I have no idea what I should do as proceeding through the next month.
Yes there's seems to be no coordination when I call UHC and other services and I'm checking on my dental plan they can't see my dental coverage.
Well they could have covered the prescription I'm trying to get it's not covered on my benefit.
The operator Daniel was not listening to my concern about how the premium was up he just kept insisting on what the premium was.
10 I've always been told my premium was going to be subsidized to $13.
Well it wasn't their your fault but to successfully contact the doctor and get in touch with him to make sure that we they do take the Medicare plan that I'm on.
Both organizations are in doctors health in South Florida and basically United Healthcare is not of much use to me but your representative was helpful and directed me to the state of Connecticut.
It is the vendor not processing the paperwork for my wheel chair cushion that is delaying me getting what I need.
And insurance I was supposed to replace.
I don't understand why one minute I call and they tell me I make deductible the next minute I haven't.
It ain't gonna cost me but you know I don't want my insurance having to pay for stuff that I didn't get.
My printout from you indicated that I would be paying nothing on this bill.
However after calling and checking with the actual medical college (unclear) bill of $20 now I'm being told I have to pay this $20.
The one service that wasn't done was the fact that I'm still up in the air about whether or not you're gonna approve my prescription and two the rather expensive cost of the Lidocaine but other than that my wife and I were more than satisfied with the service that we get at Optum.
would like excuse me is another diabetic supply company.
I'm just confused about all of the different cards I have from AARP and Medicare and which (unclear) covers what.
I can't think of anything that we had difficulty with finding a primary care provider in our area but that's really it.
I wish that AARP Medicare Walgreens would've taken me on as well as my husband in February on February the 1st.
Two of my medications were not covered but the lady that I was talking to said if I call the authorization department they can make an exception to the rule and I really appreciate that.
It would've been it's better for the two of us to go to the same pharmacy rather than him going to AARP Medicare Walgreens and I go to CVS so hopefully with the call I make tomorrow they'll make an exception to that rule.
My low ratings do not deal with the two people who just helped me rather with the way the actual coverage I was purchasing was disguised when I originally purchased it.
And business office and (unclear) hospital because they said they sent additional information 3 times on this bill and I just wanted (unclear) to be done for me so they could pay us because I didn't waste my out of pocket for 2017 (unclear) on this and I need to know what because I don't make a lot of money what I'm gonna have to pay an also (unclear) because I had (unclear) me out.
Your healthcare system prescription drugs sucks and I will find other means when my obligation has been fully met at the end of the year.
She also helped me with there's a somebody calling from etelequote saying that they could help getting more help with my prescriptions so it'd be cheaper and same with hospital stays and all that stuff and he wanted my Medicare number and I didn't give it that's why I first originally called and Caitlin told me everything that needed to be said and was saying who they really were and I'm glad I didn't give it out 'cause I wanted to call my insurance company first to find out if it was true that their part of you all or a part of Medicare and they weren't.
Your paying cycle and peoples checking accounts do not match up after awhile if you're going to do say the first of the month stay with the first of the month it doesn't mean the ninth of the month or the fifth of the month.
I can buy it with no premium from RX Okay just by printing out a discount card and taking and get it to a pharmacy.
UHC is the best insurance I have ever spoken with over the phone.
So your representative was very helpful she's gonna try to call (unclear) memorial and tell them that I am covered when they tell me I have no coverage.
I pay a fee out of my pocket and you people don't look out for them for the members.
This has been the best insurance and the best informative insurance that we've ever had through Verizon and I appreciate it every time I need to call and Krysta was the rep that helped me and she was very polite.
I think that constantly having problems with my primary and other doctors that keep getting told that I have no insurance and no service.
I just wish I had already received those cards you know it's created a problem for us as getting a prescription filled and I don't know why we never received our cards and having enrolled in the program.
what a PPO plan is and we have a PPO plan and they were just following the actual directions that they get from the regular UHC which is like a different company.
So a little due diligence a little more research maybe (unclear) you know in these documentation that the representatives are given make everybody's life easier because you know between dealing with doctors we have specialists vendors for equipment.
Well it would be better if the additional benefits for sales patient would be listed in the booklet because this particular one was not listed but the associate is going to send me a copy but thank you.
was outstanding and but I never know wether it's resolved until you know the day I get a new bill from the provider.
The reason I gave you a zero on recommendations is that I just don't give recommendations regarding important issues like health insurance.
I it would help if you had Silver Sneakers on all your Medicare (unclear).
You could have done better if you would have accepted the payment and would let us know how much we owe because the doctor sent her to the hospital my wife and she was hallucinating he gave her the wrong pills so and now you're sending me a letter that the claim was denied and it says please submit claim to your new carrier so I'd like to find out who and what am I going to do now send in this letter so that's all.
The young man's customer service I rate that 100 plus and he deserves a raise and I'm satisfied I've always been satisfied with UHC and I appreciate y'all y'all be blessed.
I'm sick and tired of getting billed saying I owe you money.
My bank has paid you since 2008 and I created a credit because I paying too money of 51 and I've been on this phone 7 hours from January until now trying to stop it and you're still saying I owe you 51 dollars and I owe you nothing.
Because my mother got this new book in the mail just you know the other day about the retiree for the state of Connecticut health benefits plan for 2018.
I paid it for the entire year and then when I added dental I though I would get a bill each month for that.
Since you switched to letting Well Med handle everything I think their level of service with UHC has suffered greatly.
I will be shopping for a new insurance company come open enrollment again this year.
So really now your department is gonna have to pay for that hospital stay.
She was not able to find how much my monthly premium would be in the system because I am new.
I think Kathy the customer service rep was just super and just continue good service that your offering to people who really need health care.
It would be helpful if you can have the EOBs mailed to people so that if there's a dispute before the and the bill's due before the actual EOBs gets her.
Although it probably couldn't have been done on the phone I would like UHC Medicare Advantage PPO to check out having a benefits for joining Weight Watchers.
I called and they don't take my insurance.
I'm not sure what that would be because I'm not sure I really totally completely understood how a company bills me and when I called you about the company you told me they didn't bill it right and that we didn't have to pay it and then when we get a bill and they have prorated what was left and billed us.
trying to refill my prescription and I guess I have to pay a 190 some odd dollars which I've never had to pay you know a deductible for a prescription.
Usually it's medical that you have a deductible but I wish I would've known that way back when.
So I wish have more precise doctor that take us (unclear) because I end up paying too much (unclear) okay I think we need to organize for sure doctor that accept because I have (unclear) the receptionists always say yeah we treat them.
I received a bill that has been cashed by my bank and everything's good but I think that in the future I may have to choose another source.
I just believe that I just a financial side of it you know if you could because usually you'll tell me personally you'll tell me like I don't qualify because I make too much but yet I make too much but yet I'm needing more different types of medication and therapy that I should be able to qualify for considering my handicap or my issue or my physical dilemma or the (unclear) to my mind whatever I'm going through but that's all usually everything is good except right at that point that I need the help or to say hey I need this type of prescription because it's part of my health and you guys don't cover that so maybe there's some other options or programs or to get instead of me having to go online and search some other company that I can order a box of you know when you can simply just agree with the same part of your program but thank you for everything else.
The one thing that could have been easier would have been not getting a card that tells me I have co-pays when I don't have co-pays because I'm covered with another company that was really scary otherwise it was great.
I received a bill from my primary care doctor and it showed I owed for the full amount of the charges for that visit.
is last year when I rotated back over to UHC the people in September and the people in December did not help me at all.
Because it's taken me a year to get some bills paid.
We paid some bills and we know that some other bills are getting paid.
You got AARP you got Medicare you got UHC.
you're registered for this plan or that it would be instantly on the into the system or either mail your stuff much quicker.
I think we could get a better clearer understanding of out-of-pocket cost as opposed to in-network cost because I got a problem.
They promised me that out-of-network would be covered because of my Verizon plan and yet it turns out not at all.
I have to pay an additional amount of money if I want this particular doctor out of the network.
Just it's just best to call your insurance company next time instead of calling that number where it says about your Medicare savings and so but everything else is fine and I have Medicare savings.
The only problem was with the Optum Rx information that I called and complained about but today's customer service was great.
She offered to transfer me to Express Scripts but that would have cut me off from the survey so I'm completely satisfied.
It's we're just having an issue trying to find a dentist in my local area that is in network so that's the problem that I face that you know a dentist that's relatively close other than that you know the customer service rep was excellent.
I need 4 UHC plans Ebony Cook is on to cover Silver Sneakers that's my only complaint.
You could have given me someone who understood the situation of me not knowing about this out of network doctor before you charge me and telling me you're not paying a bill that my primary care doctor referred me to for a medical condition I'm having so I'm not happy at all.
one was for my AARP prescription and then my other was my AARP C and the other gentleman that helped me first was just as great and just as good.
I had been charged 640 some dollars $672 from a hospital where I had to go into the emergency room and after checking and seeing my coverage I'm only responsible for a $75 co pay and she made my day my evening my whole rest of the week because of the huge amount of money I'm on a tight budget but I appreciate all your help and helping me so much and I'm thrilled I have coverage with you and I certainly will recommend it to others.
And I did ask him to send me some forms so that I can get reimbursed for some out of pocket treatment and they haven't sent the forms yet.
Well she was very helpful on giving me the dates on my bills that I have I'll have I'm obligated to pay.
I still don't know if I have to pay a copay or not and you're sending me an explanation of benefits but I just cannot understand the insurance at all.
And I'm totally dissatisfied with United Healthcare and I think I may be changing my insurance carrier.
I'm very satisfied multiple times that I've called my insurance and they resolve my issue as good as possible and I've been happy with everything that they've done to resolve any of my medical concerns and my insurance concerns.
He didn't resolve the issues in regard to my call concerning the claims or benefits and or the co pay in regard to my medical space at (unclear) valley that the 1st issues will be resolved later.
Secondly I told your person that I needed to go get my wife's insurance card because this question involved a bill for her care and somehow the woman hung up on me.
Your information could contain more specifics about the fee schedule and what you actually will pay and that is not in there and your agents don't know what it is either.
Cigna insurance snuck in and somehow the state changed me over to you guys and I'm changing back to United Healthcare next month.
that's why I joined this health company because I thought they understood people.
Well I was trying to find how to access dental care and vision care and I guess I wasn't in your system or something although I keep getting letters that say good news for you our member.
But the reason I haven't accessed your insurance all the doctor that says I'm not taking advantage of it.
United Healthcare has the best employees that I have companies that I have dealt with.
The only reason I had stated an 8 is that there is an outstanding bill that something got hosed up either with the doctor's office or paperwork getting between Aetna and UHC that I got some information from the.
your technician and your tech and I'm gonna call that billing department for the doctor's office tomorrow and get a EOB from Aetna send out the rest and get this thing going.
Oh I would just like to find a PPO program instead of HMO.
And PPO at least I have an option.
I'm 70 years old and I don't want to use the computer to take care of my business.
So ideally the person wants and she's supposed to know all things like what is covered but she said they preapplied for the coverage (unclear) the insurance.
I'll be 67 and we're not on any medications it's really too bad UHC couldn't give us some type of bonus factor because there are other many people that are my age that are on diabetic medicines heart medication due to you know inactivity bad health and smoking.
It's too bad that insurance companies when they would recognize a person like myself who has come into the program after being a senior citizen and on Medicare that you didn't give us a little bit more leeway because lots of times we don't meet our deductibles every year.
When I signed up for my plan in Florida it's called Walgreens and the representative told me just because it's called Walgreens does not mean that I need to use Walgreens he did not inform me that there was greater discount using Walgreens and so I've been using Costso and CVS but when I called for clarification on my bill today I questioned why my prescription drug plan is not covering my medications (unclear) so it didn't surprise me that I was still paying $34 for my thyroid medication but it was frustrating (unclear) so anyway now I have the story straight which is that Walgreens if I got to Walgreens on my thyroid medication anyway it's a zero amount and also the representative I spoke with today was very good about explaining the differences between the (unclear) and options I have with going from like tier three to two but my basic (unclear) that originally I was told there's no reason to go to Walgreens for my prescriptions that that was just the name of the coverage.
I think with the UHC with the PTO plan that's covered with (unclear) I think I need a better explanation as to what is covered with medical.
In the past when I called for my medicine or for (unclear) the lady had told me that it was 45 that I have to pay out of my pocket or 42 dollars something like that.
to the lady and to the CVS that they told me it goes to your deductible because it's Tier Three it's more accurate.
well that I was going to start making my (unclear) payments that had been changed because I have Medicare Complete now.
Yeah the one thing that you could've done better was mail (unclear) to me from the hospital before a year was up.
But I did get dental insurance and it starts being active June 1st however I can't get a booklet or anything to tell me what I'm being insured for until after June 1st and I received the cards about 3 weeks ago.
Answered everything and I feel so much better and comfortable what my payments would be what's over and above the deductible or whatever y'all call it not sure and very good.
It's just a very confusing insurance system that we have in the USA and I thought that the agent was very kind cooperative and informative.
But getting some reimbursement for my heavy duty dental work would be the best way that you guys can help me.
So I'm gonna be submitting some bills to you about my dental work that I've been paying out of pocket and I was told that UHC would review them and would maybe pay for some of those costs.
The wait time was very lengthy and the copay seems quite high I think that's all.
Not change the hearing benefits so that I'm stuck with a company that is not close to where I reside.
Because whenever I took this insurance out I gave the lady all my doctor's names and I don't have the money to pay for this labs and the doctor he won't and then I won't have a urologist then either.
Allowed me to have an online account through your website because of my program dual advantage plus I was it was explained to me that I can not have a health care account online.
The one thing that could be done better is the billing systems in the hospital are more aware of what you folks do pay for and what you don't.
sh I'm taking for my stupid craziness and my diabetes and my Fibromyalgia and my I guess high blood pressure and my suicide watch and everything else.
I don't like to have to redo whether I want online delivery or mail every year this is at least the second time I have done it and there is no way to say that I wanted online delivery I'm sorry mail delivery without agreeing to terms and conditions and yet there was no place to view the terms and conditions so you're really trying to force people into online delivery when they want mail.
because I have Medicare Advantage I have to send in and be in.
He was patient tried to find me options he was nice etcetera but you do not cover one of my drugs at all and it is $2000 for a 90 day supply so I had checked on that when I signed up for this particular plan but I guess something went wrong.
The other thing you could do to be better is for your drug searches and prices on the web or on the app if they would work I think that you should-.
It's just such a pleasure since I switched to PPO January 1 to deal with my insurance problems.
when we are set income have to deal with this issue of not being able to pay for our medication.
I usually have to wait on the EOB to come before I pay the bill and your EOBs are a lot more difficult to read than the former insurance company that we had.
Because it didn't meet Medicare criteria and I'm really disappointed why after speaking with numerous representatives over more than a 7 or 8 month period of time.
I understand the automated system tries to delete a lot of nonsense but most people you know understand the system and all but you have to talk to somebody to get what I needed today there's nothing changing banks mail you a new form press number 5 that's what they need to put in because that's lacking in the system okay.
About my (unclear) health care products because I cannot go to the doctor's that they saying that my caller ID number is not matching up with them.
I called to get pre-approval for a procedure and it's not covered under any hospital in my area although it's medically necessary and the only way that I can get it done is to just have the procedure done have them now submit a claim for it and hope that it's approved if not I'm out $375.
00 for 3 different injections and I don't know whether that's the best way to go about it just not knowing if I'm going to be having to pay a lot of money for something that should be covered apparently there's no where in my area that does is covered and this is probably the preeminent place in the area to have it done so I can't imagine why that should be a problem.
There needs to be more explanation of the charges you know for like hospitalization and the deductible that I'm responsible for that has been kind of an issue you know especially with today's call you know it's the explanation you know could have been better.
I only had 1 call to UHC to a Sherice and she we got disconnected other than that all the calls the customer service people that I spoke with were excellent.
It's a program that's through UHC Dual UHC complete and the lady on the phone she was polite but she didn't have any number to give me to assist me to that for that.
It'd be wonderful if they did take this insurance because I love this insurance and that's the only 2 doctors that I can't see and Doctor Kenneth (unclear) was my doctor for 27 years and Doctor (unclear) was my doctor for at least 12.
So maybe the pharmacist could've clarified that with them because now I have to get another renewal next month for this (unclear).
Yes Michelle gave me quality customer service when Michelle (unclear) them dental benefits she broke them benefits down.
quality customer service and nobody never gave it to me like Michelle.
Just to have these HIPPA noted on the account instead of having to go crazy getting everything done.
Well the girl I talked to explained to me about the tier 4 situation and the deductible of the 405 and I do understand that.
Not anything other than I'm sorry I had to pay a co pay on my vaccination.
But I was trying to find a primary care person since December with your company 'cause I'm with Chicago Teachers (unclear) fund and we just changed to Blue Cross.
from Blue Cross Blue Shield and I was told in December that she would mail me a book out and I didn't receive that booklet.
So if someone could please reach out to them and offer them you all insurance it would save me a lot of trouble because now I will have to switch dental.
how much coverage is it if it is covered under Medicare because it's preventative.
I put fault at your group because you paid for a procedure of $3000.
I have to pay 100 some dollars when I couldn't.
By a single thing I would say your automated system just kind of is aggravating because if you have something that is a little different from what the recorder is talking about and I ask for customer service they keep on going offering me these different things and then I just say customer service over and over.
So as far as your personnel and I was looking for pricing on different medications to compare Optum RX with Walgreens and then with Walmart so that's my main complaint other than the fact that prescriptions are just a lot of money.
what Richard told me about because all insurance companies have different types of rules and regulations and so I have to find the right way.
how any kind of treatment I get will be paid by UHC.
It's just trying to understand these copays and deductibles and all that stuff.
But I ended up paying 45 dollars the because I have not met my deductible according to Lisa the rep I spoke with.
And not stick your customers with humongous insurance bills payments going to doctors that you can't even keep track of yourself and don't know of on your own Internet site on the books that you send out that you give us.
Lower the co-payment on my medicine so that I could afford it.
The only thing that you could have done better for me was to give me a wider range of insurance at no extra cost but I'm satisfied with what you got.
I think the only concern I have is that we've not completed the entire process of getting the overrides and it's not the fault of the agent your agent it's just going to take some time to finish it.
The telephone number in the paper work that I have said to call the toll free number which I did but it wasn't for the reporting healthcare activity as I thought it would be.
In the letter I received to get into the my AARP Medicare Plan it told me to go ahead and log in and set up an account even though I will not be active until July.
So the letter is misleading and you should not have that if you can't get activation ahead of time to look up the prescription drug providers.
To call back if I do get a bill from Advocate Christ Medical Center and she's the only one I've dealt with in the last 6 months so you know I'm satisfied with what she tried to do.
(unclear) Medicare was getting my EOB first and knowing where it went what was applied and how much I was responsible for.
when a doctor has been eliminated contractually and I have not received anything and this is the third time that this has happened to me and I have heard from your customer service reps that they don't know anything and so.
There isn't anything any better that I could receive today from Medicare.
I live in an area of a million people that is totally unacceptable and I've been on the phone an hour with your customer service people and they don't seem to understand what I'm trying to find which is a dental provider.
The one thing that you can do better for me is not store my credit card information due to the increased rise of fraud.
I don't think that UHC should do that and also I don't think I should be charged the extra money because of an issue that I had where I was sick and it went into two months.
So now I'm stuck with paying the extra money for the life of having your plan and the fact that you went up on the plan this year and I'm on disability and you don't offer any assistance to help people such as myself who are on disability.
Wait time to try to call you is difficult also she was having problems calling things up on her computer which other customer service agents have said so it's just not the human being it's get more phone lines and fix your computers.
I haven't been able to sign onto your website for 18 months everybody I talk to says it's gonna be fixed.
Paid my claim but (unclear) they took care of it.
They're going to take care of it for me but I don't think it was your fault it was probably the doctor's office not giving the information correctly.
But on your when you bill people you should get the doctor's name but like me she got my glasses what I got was Indiana Medicaid but I didn't get a doctor's name.
my dental office knows where you are.
and then it showed a change of healthcare and this concerns me before I fill out these is what I was trying to find out.
Well I would suggest that in separating some mailing that you indicate on the outside of the envelope that there's a payment due so that we know that the mailing is a payment due versus an update on your health and that way I wouldn't overlook envelopes that are payment due and jeopardize my plan.
I would like to make sure from now on that this is easily cleared up and that I won't receive a large bill and appreciate them finding you finding out that it's only $80 copay.
this was the 2nd time I had to call in about a couple of prescriptions that should've already been filled that didn't because the person.
It's very inconvenient and I am seriously wanted time to renew my (unclear) my health insurance I am seriously considering going some place else.
the name could come up with the phone number to let us know who it is and the Wellcare (unclear) it would be good.
You should have more people like her on your phone because it's the best service I've ever had from UHC health plan.
I guess the only thing is if you could've had an up to date list of Eye Care Centers that take our insurance without having to color on and check on the ones that I gave you the names of.
She can't call out at all she said so tomorrow I'm going to have to call another representative and you know go through the whole thing again and this has been a problem before you know I would think that they would be able to take your name your information and get back with the provider or you know the provider and get stuff resolved but none of this is her fault but she did a really good job.
I kept saying I need to talk about a referral and they kept saying do you want a new physician you're looking for a new doctor so very upset with that because it was like 3 times she asked so and then when I was transferring I am in the East Coast West Coast and they transferred me to an East Coast person so I had to go through it all with her and then she was nice enough to transfer me and explain to the Alicia in the West Coast what was going on so maybe they should ask for a zip code maybe that would help.
They're starting to charge me more on my feet because they done 1 callus on my toe and charged me I don't know how much more money.
I believe (unclear) charges with the doctor's office now so it all has to do with coding for the procedures and they did not have a code for after hours services.
I will see if there is some way that they can just go ahead and file a claim for just regular office visit with under (unclear).
on EOBs need to list the names of the providers for the services that are enumerated because if there are several different providers in a time period it's difficult to ascertain who you're being billed by and I need that there's a copay.
But other than that I made a mistake by switching to your plan because I can't get good customer service.
You need to make some changes on your customer service help that they don't put people on hold for long periods without coming back in.
And I was better off on Medicare Medicaid and extra help than I am on your plan.
Rather than that facility will take the insurance but out of network 'cause there's a great deal of difference to the patient and what they pay as a co pay.
I find that with Humana and I'm wanting to cancel that and they tell me I can't and I can so she told me to call Humana back.
He made it just wonderful instead of paying a 1 month I pay 2 and I hope that next time I call I'm going to get him.
I used to be a district pharmacy manager and had over 386 employees and I wish I would have 386 Jonathan's.
Yeah to coordinate phone numbers or just (unclear) I am a member of UHC (unclear).
She helped me on this big mess that between four insurance companies and she went right down the (unclear) from 2009 all the way through 2018.
This is 2018 and I proved to Medicare and you all that I had insurance.
I enjoy calling UHC because every time I get a representative they are always very considerate of what I'm calling about and they resolve my issues.
The people I talked to were terrific though my no fault on them but your techies need to get this together somehow because if you're going to sign in to UHC you should also be able to use the same thing to sign into UHC rewards issue here.
It didn't know my email it did not give me the option to have a anything sent to my phone to get in there it didn't know my username in other words it didn't know me like I didn't exist so this is really pretty c***** and I think you guys are pretty fetch.
Well the one thing that I think you could've done better I'm quite sure that it's not in your control that the computers were not working properly they were slow and hopefully you can get a better modem or something to speed it up but other than that everything was wonderful and I really thank you for your service.
The call was fine the girl was very helpful but a suggestion that I would like to make to UHC is that with the benefit credits the what is it called First Line I guess First Line Medical.
It would be a thousand times more convenient if we had the prepaid debit card rather than having to place orders through a catalog we did have that when we had Blue Cross Blue Shield and it was much more convenient but as far as the girl today was concerned she was great.
00 that I was charged is going to be refunded to me through my dentist.
I'm a little confused with why I'm receiving some of this information from UHC because it lists a number of procedures that I've had or my wife's had.
And it said nothing has been paid and even though that is indicated by know nothing or I might have to pay a copay.
I was helped by your representative and I'm very satisfied with UHC and I told the representative that if I could afford the stock I would buy it.
On the key pad or on message and everything for different things wellness check up I reckon is the only thing I qualify for this year and I have qualified for 3 different things an eye exam and since I'm a diabetic and foot exam since I'm a diabetic and found out a while ago I only qualify for the one thing which is a wellness check up.
And I told the young lady you know in that case as far as the insurance is concerned there's no need to be going every year unless I decide I want to but I thought I was supposed to and everything.
It's just well another issue is Medicare (unclear) UHC but my wife's employment (unclear) she has insurance on me which is my secondary is also UHC.
And when I go to doctor's offices that confuses them very much because I only have one card but then I have two insurances through UHC.
I pay you for insurance and that is your roll in my life as far as I'm concerned you are not my doctors or my nurses thank you.
I would have liked to find out the answer the one question that is why were they taken out my premium when it wasn't before and I already have Dual Complete.
I had to call twice to get my problem solved I called yesterday and the person I talked to told me it was covered under Medicare and it was it was for a mammogram and my mammograms are covered you know completely under my policy the person I talked to yesterday said I had to pay if I had a bill for $119 for River City Imaging Associates for a mammogram and that's what I called about it 'cause I thought it should be covered completely and yesterday the lady told me it was covered under Medicare and I had to pay for you know 20% of it and I know that was wrong so I had to call back today and the lady got it straightend out today she said I don't owe it she's called River City Imaging Associates she's called the group she called everything you know she was really very very efficient she helped me completely thank you.
My only problem with this insurance I'm finding out if you have to have physical therapy.
I have to pay 40 dollars every visit for people on fixed income that is kind of steep for physical therapy.
And my insurance if I could pay less I'll be even happier.
well they should've had a service that take care of my problem.
No I'm just fine with UHC I've never had any problems whenever I call I always get the answers I need thank you.
I am so pleased with my insurance with the courtesy and efficiency of all of your representatives.
I wanted an explanation as to why the bill wasn't paid and they didn't seem to be able to give me that.
Not charge 3 copays on 1 visit although I did have 3 times done that's it thanks bye.
Admit that you're stealing my money your stealing my Medicare money you're pulling off a grand theft because I'm in process (unclear) and created a federal case over this I call my congresswoman next let her know what you're doing tell her about my call I recorded it and you know find out what we could do in the future to try to get UHC AARP to do a better job I also let AARP know how bad your service is an how bad that you are paying the bills okay good bye.
But when I called back and asked the young lady she said she doesn't accept Optum Medicare Complete which is also United okay Healthcare so if she is not on that list that list needs to be revised so that his name comes off of there or they need to really find out okay what they actually have (unclear) UHC and (unclear) or what.
But 30 days he should've been able and his staff to look up and see that okay we do not accept your health care insurance and before my appointment let me know.
It's just the pricing for the insurance medications that I have.
I still didn't get the answer on why I received this denial letter because they said that it might have been paid off the wait on the bill from a hospital to see if I still get billed.
Yes I (unclear) problem with the automated phone service it's annoying to me because they asked for my birth date and then they ask like I I'm a dummy so they gotta tell me how to tell them my birth date and they go into great detail.
I would like to have a membership for a gym I used to have one with my insurance here and now I don't and so I can't do much exercising.
I really like the automated service but I can pay that and one 2 3 is quicker thank you.
Have had health insurance from Verizon for a long time I worked thirty seven years anyway but 'cause this year we switched from (unclear) to UHC.
And now this is the first visit not by me but my wife to the hospital (unclear) and we're getting all kinds of co pays and (unclear) six hundred and sixty eight dollar bill from the hospital after insurance coverage and I'm wondering what happened to our wonderful coverage that we had in the past and how why we're now having to pay as much as we've been paying.
The hospital's (unclear) through you but no one at other than (unclear) the benefit plan or whatever else no one at UHC could really answer that as well (unclear) Verizon specialist.
And so yeah I'm not very satisfied with this answer I'm sure (unclear) everybody that I used to work with and I work with now (unclear) the same thing of all of a sudden realizing our medical expenses have gone up pretty drastically as the result of some sort of change in the insurance company (unclear) no problem with.
I'm trying to determine what my hospital bills are paying for if it's an accurate amount and I've had a lot of trouble because my account was open both in UHC Medicare Solutions as well as the non Medicare side and I've been having a great deal of difficulty getting that piece straightened out then I couldn't even get onto the website but I was able to get onto it today with someone's help thank you good bye.
I have a real need to understand my Medicare and Medicaid premium better I'm having trouble with a conflict between what UHC tells me being my Medicare representative and what Medicaid tells me.
I'm still quite confused on the subject I do not understand why I'm still paying a premium at all it's a small premium but I just feel like I shouldn't be paying any premium because I have Medicare and full Medicaid thank you.
The only thing you could've done better would be to make the medical decision of my provider and that's not what you're in business for so you actually there's nothing you can do (unclear) my primary physician and I thank you very much for your help.
The young lady did (unclear) excellent information regarding lenders that (unclear) with my insurance so that you know helped a lot.
(Unclear) to help pay my medical my benefits my (unclear).
Well I am a cancer survivor breast cancer and the one thing that this company could do for me was to pay for my mastectomy bras in full as you're charging me now I have to pay 20% per bra so if you could change that to pay for the bras in full that would be a great help to me especially people just on social security but thank you very much for listening to my.
When you first sign up and give proof that you have medical coverage and prescription drug coverage and you show that.
My greatest concern with United Healthcare is the amount of turn around time when requesting aid for supplies for my husband.
Oh I called in about the same thing about a diagnostic colonoscopy about a week ago and that one informed me that I would have to pay 20% of a diagnostic colonoscopy now this one call said it would be 100% covered so I don't know if it's 100 or if it's 80% coverage I didn't have one for 9 years so you said it should be covered 100% so anyways it's a little bit confused but thank you anyway.
Provided me with an explanation why the services that I had rendered in my medical reimbursement form does not go along with what I was told I would be reimbursed for.
I thought I was going to be owing a lot more money to the hospital and the doctor and apparently I'm all set.
And I keep being told that it's being addressed but I keep getting monthly benefit charges.
I'm not getting any bills but I'm getting a statement of benefits and with no explanation as to why I'm getting these for somebody else.
Well the prescription that was called in to Rite Aid they said I couldn't get it until the 14th of July the reason being there was an order shipped yesterday but I refused it because it was gonna cost me 100 and something dollars and I'm in my mid 80's and I live on Social Security and could not afford it so then when the doctor phoned in the new prescription today your John your insurance person who was terribly nice thank you very much for him said that was the reason because I had a pending order that this one wouldn't be able to get it until next month but he talked to Optum Rx and they're gonna rush it to me and I'll get it the 31st which is wonderful.
When you list a denied service I'd appreciate it you no longer say why the service was denied.
she did say I have to go back to my insurance so I thought maybe they can help her by putting her in a different department or something bye.
Be able to explain more about the billing and why it wasn't paid and why it has to be a live threatening type service before it'll be paid when we've been having it paid previously but all of sudden it's not paid this particular time so wasn't satisfied with that.
The advocate that I spoke with told me the price of the prescription and then helped me to figure out how to pay for it by allocating a smaller amount thank you.
my doctor has said very justifiably we're going to be billing you.
I have to have some kind of co payment on my bill.
I was just calling about my premiums and (unclear) my information.
it was on my dental provider (unclear) my dental office (unclear) insurance company had nothing to.
When I receive a letter from UHC that says call this number by May 25th and I get on that number and it takes 50 minutes before 5 people tell me they don't know who I am despite the fact that I received a letter from UHC addressed to me that told me to call that number.
I need to know the date one of my medicines will pay through the insurance and I couldn't get it.
It isn't totally resolved because they need more information from the doctors offices (unclear) should've provided initially for you.
Your applying money toward a deductible then it should say it's applying towards a deductible instead of saying deductible co insurance or co pay.
Just a delay in billing and a delay in mailing that the doctors still question for me if it's been taken care of.
Well I thought that my coverage was good enough that I wouldn't have to pay as much as they're telling me I'm going to have to pay for this prescription at the Publix pharmacy.
And he's telling me now that I have to go and get an extra thing called extra help and then it might lower my premiums or my co-pays so I'm not satisfied with that.
I am told one thing by one customer service person or whatever by the dental department and then someone else tells em something different and I keep filing I've sent certified mail to Salt Lake City and I am now waiting for something to get resolved and I just keep getting letters that state the EOB's are not legible and I mail them certified.
I filled out a ADA form with my dental office signed by dentist and nothing is getting done and when I called last time they said well we can't process two claims evidently on the same date something's wrong with our computers.
It's very dysfunctional and I would like to see the phone number on the prescription bottle changed to a number that we can actually get through to Optum Rx.
My insurance policy or whatever you wanna call it showed that I had 2 insurance companies that went on for a number of days.
No I was very happy with the customer service portion of your insurance company it's always been fantastic.
But the pricing of your medications are just way out of control but she's giving me numbers to see if I can get some help from somebody.
But the pricing of your medications is ridiculous thank you for your help I appreciate you though bye.
I don't' like you making the copays just out of reach of my payment.
I think you should have to pay some portion of what I have to pay.
I need to go and talk to PPT but I appreciate the customer service I've gotten today and (unclear) UHC.
Gave me excellent help with advice that I wasn't even aware of to help pay my monthly premiums better and my co payments with less expense to me.
I have dealt with AARP for twenty more than twenty five years and this first time I had something like this.
I'm just concerned that I have two doctors that have been with me for a long time and they're not covered by the insurance.
I'm just getting going on my Medicare and all of the paperwork that I get is very confusing for me I don't know if (unclear) to make it less confusing but that would be the only thing that I can think of.
The problem I have is I called you up about a benefit in my plan and you told me it wasn't covered but I know it was covered last year because I can see the claim so I called up today to find out why it wasn't covered this year as it was last year and your representative found the benefit in the thing and said she said it was covered it was a orthotic device and she said it was covered with a 20% copay and last year it was covered completely as long as it was customer so I don't know the providers also called you up and you said that it wasn't covered so the level of service is very conflictuary so we'll have to see what happens the next time we call you up thank you bye.
It would be always nice to know what the contracted rate is for a particular provider but that would be very difficult to determine I guess and also it might be a privacy issue thank you.
I have the prices of have prices available for you up front.
Yeah you could straighten out the whole issue of webpages I was extremely confused and was frustrated by the fact I had to register rather than having Optum Rx and UHC handle the transition of my account to the new security system.
Well I received a letter to return a fecal test but you never mailed it to me so that's the reason why I had to call you guys today so if y'all had mailed it I wouldn't be calling you guys so thank you.
I need a dental plan but I'm not eligible for it right now.
he found a loophole that I didn't know I had for assistance for a pharmacy extra help from the Social Security office so I am going to go there and I thank you very much for his assistance.
And I had a few of them about just how the whole thing is run and when you deliver the drug cost that you paid the most last year at 244 and then you get 526.
I just thought I'm seeing TV commercials when (unclear) where it says little or no copay and the copay is a couple hundred bucks.
My Blue Cross Blue Shield always paid for 100% and I was a little disappointed that this doesn't pay for it.
that UHC could have done differently today It's a situation where I'm in gap between an old primary car physician who has retired and a new one that I have not yet been able to see.
It's just I'm trying to get a medication from a different insurance price and were having some difficulty between my doctor's information and the information you have.
I have enjoyed United Healthcare for my husband and myself for several years now and it's primarily because of your customer service as well as your coverage.
Yes if you would pay the claims that you say you're going to pay for the dental work that would be great.
I just wish you could get my meds down to a different tier to make it cheaper for us to live.
He told my husband that I would be paying 47 dollars for the shingles shot well he didn't look up that it's a tier 3 and my payment for one of the first shingles shots would be 171 dollars.
Yes you could've found me a way where my insulin isn't so expensive I live on Social Security I can't afford 207 dollars thank you.
I need to know the dollar amount that my copay will be but apparently you guys don't have that information.
I know it's percentage I don't know what the test costs so I can't figure out the percentage so I don't know how much money I need cash to be able to get the test done.
The one thing that you all could've done better for me is to try to find out from appeal how much would I have to pay for the 20 percent to get my (unclear) walker.
I have a denial of claims for a dental claim and I have to call back in again tomorrow but that's okay.
I just wish that my monthly premium didn't go up as high as it did this year.
So now instead of owing $69 and cents what I been was paying every month now I'm supposed to I guess have been paying 89 but I got no information of that in February.
So now I have a bill built up of $150 something.
And I could only pay 100 of it and try to get the other paid do something.
In other words for almost 5 months I did not have coverage with Dr Jessica M Allen MD and I did not know it and I think that that is really pathetic and as I shared with your lovely service people in this day and age there's certainly are faster ways to communicate or faster ways to even mail a letter.
I wish your website gave me more information on my deductible so that I wouldn't have had to call.
the agent is sending me a list of what drugs are covered by my plan.
could have paid more on my plan than I did.
I have to pay 300 dollars because if you decided to put a deductible on prescriptions which (unclear).
I am trying to get my (unclear) pressure socks for my feet which I have to wear every day (unclear) from your company paid last year this year it doesn't seem like they're gonna pay for them I don't know if they think I passed away or why they tell me I can't get them anymore that's what I want to really talk about.
I have called twice regarding the fact that I have not received my UHC welcome packet and my benefits actually start June 1st.
I don't get my prescriptions until the first and I just have questions if (unclear) before or after or whatever so it's been resolved thank you.
I don't understand why I have to pay deductible when I only get $700.
have to pay before I get any other service.
Because I am really upset because all I seem to get are mistakes from doctors reports and then from my insurance carrier thank you very much.
My problems stems with provider they're telling me a whole different thing.
I don't know if you have control of this but the drug plan is I was never told is a deductible plan.
Next time we choose a drug plan it will be one with a probably a non deductible plan.
I was wishing that the podiatrist wasn't a 25 dollar copay but the customer service rep was great.
The reason I answered one of the questions survey question as 2 was in the past United representative UHC representative couldn't help me couldn't completely help me with one of the issues that I had with one of the medical suppliers and that's why I thought it was fair to say 3 instead of 4.
You need to put on there the dental plan number which is 18004459090 to save people a lot of aggravation.
I'm trying to change my automatic payment of my UHC monthly billing and forms will be mailed to my house so I'm assuming that will that will happen.
The only thing I can say is that the girl gave me 3 conflicting stories but finally came back with the answer that I thought was right but I am covered for 80% of the test like 4K score test when she first said I wasn't covered at all then she thought it was a test that they didn't cover and then just came back and told me they did cover it so I was on the phone for quite a while but she finally got the answer that she needed and so I'm now satisfied that I will be covered for 80% of the test I don't understand why I'm not covered for 100% but 80% and I have to pay 20% so that's the story thank you.
I used to work in customer service and would say you have a very good employee there.
I prefer they call the insurance so that they themselves could be informed.
I think you need to upgrade the identification cards (unclear) so that people know which is the (unclear) my issue is this card I have like 3 in my wallet.
I was satisfied I just needed to find if something was covered by insurance which it wasn't so I'm a little saddened on that but it's okay or everything else is fine.
That's why I love my insurance company AARP they settled a problem that I have had since last week.
I didn't realize that our power of attorneys did not transfer from Aetna Health to UHC but I will get those sent in.
What's wrong there is that that person who picks up on that auto line needs to stay with you until you get to the procedures of the situations resolved or get in contact rather with the right person.
I guess get my medicines on time where I don't struggle to have to get it someplace else.
It's just that I I'm sorry that this wasn't all coordinated with Medicare part B that proved that I did have creditable coverage when I applied.
Later on you sent letters stating that we didn't have insurance covered by insurance at certain dates and that's where we had to pay penalties.
It always seems like you're trying to raise more money for penalties and not paying attention to the original paperwork submitted to you.
If I could've gotten temporary cards until the (unclear) or some type of email proving that I have the insurance that would've been great.
My problem was that my insurance my doctor's office that I made an appointment with as a new patient when I got to the office they told me that I was not in network and the problem is that they have not taken themselves off of the plan to you know show that they don't take my insurance.
So I need to know the cost of the drug before I know how much I have to pay for it.
I am just frustrated because I'm trying to help my husband not lose his coverage and that was not able to be handled today.
So it was all good the problem was I have not met my 245 dollar deductible on my drug orders so that was the problem but he tried to help and I appreciate it.
OK you already done good because I have been with so many insurance and I experience this one.
But someone needs to move up fast this business of the billing so that they know when someone has already taken care of the problem and they don't issue a letter saying it doesn't work and you have to send up a check.
I said lower my payments.
I'm getting something from you that says I have Blue Cross Blue Shield as a secondary or primary insurance when I haven't don't and have not for several years.
But it still doesn't excuse the fact that Optum Rx is not doing their paperwork correctly.
The only problem is that when you send the letter out explaining that Medicare Rx plan the letter is not very clear.
Please compare it to (unclear) on your member ID and your prescription card if this information is correct you don't need to do anything.
The lady I spoke to had no idea how to correct a Medicare entry and I've been trying to correct this entry several years and it never gets changed.
The only thing you could've done better for me is lower the amount of the cost on your prescriptions.
That's what I had was June the 13th it's almost a year ago you said I have to now have to get information from my prior authorization from my (unclear) to do if I'm going to do that have them send you guys a fax.
I had a problem and I didn't understand my copayment situation and why not and the bills being paid.
Because this was just a slight mix up between my wife and the new coverage that she's had after we you folks took over for Blue Cross Blue Shield Anthem and Blue Cross and Blue Shield.
I'm not satisfied at all with United Healthcare and I won't be using them in the future.
So that's the issue I think everyone should be aware of there and with the insurance companies especially the Medicare Supplementary and Medicare Replacement plans like I have.
I thought that was in addition to what I already paid as a copay.
It didn't make any qualification that this amount is not due if I made the copay.
It should have said if you made your copay nothing is due to the doctor.
I should say this amount is not due if you made your copayment.
I have been placing the same claim for over 3 months and I still haven't gotten satisfaction I need.
But I think United Healthcare especially for elderly people with the eye coverage should cover the price of glasses too.
So that's my input I appreciate you being my insurer and with being my health in your concern and hopefully this help thing that Renae is doing to re file the paperwork accurately will get me the prescription that I still need.
I received a recertification letter to renew my insurance I was supposedly transferred to the New York State Of Health and that's who I'm waiting for.
It seems to me that there are prescriptions that I'm paying for that are not showing on my summaries.
I was the one that had to suggest please look into this for me because of course when my deductible is paid up I don't have to pay for the prescriptions or pay as much.
She's gonna call Walgreens and I hope she does call me back.
the coverage thing has gone all through the big machines the MRIs the ultrasounds I've been in them more than 14 times in the last 2 years and basically after all those high costs and using up all my copays and my extra money.
I forgot to ask whether I have to be on Medicare Advantage with my insurance under United Health AT&T retiree's (unclear).
We don't know what it means when denied is put on there and then we get a bill for some amount we hadn't expected because it is higher by far than the previous echocardiogram which is the same exact thing.
My bill was for two months it's my I just started May first.
Also you've lost all my history from last year because of some debacle with your filing service and I have no history (unclear) I had insurance and I supposedly had insurance for the last 5 years.
So I am totally dissatisfied with UHC and I don't know what I will do (unclear) open enrollment.
I have not decided my husband had your insurance for 10 years before he passed away I never had a problem with it.
Well when I go into the office I try to pay my bills (unclear) there 'cause I have a credit card but sometimes they don't have (unclear) to accept it and then when I leave the office I can get it and then I only pick up my mail once a month (unclear) month and it cleared it's problem for me.
And she pays forty dollars and I pay a hundred and twenty in Florida.
Very patient with getting a billing error from a 3rd party thing cleared up.
You know if this is the service I'm going to be getting from Preferred Care Partners I can go with somebody else.
Everybody is trying to do their best there at Medicare and I appreciate the help that I've been given.
So far the problem that I was having was getting something paid to (unclear) sent to the specialty claim services so I'm hoping for a good outcome.
I have a deductible I have to meet and that's what they told me.
That's what the lady just told me was which I didn't realize that they had to take out everything out of the thing you they will not cover Medicaid (unclear) cover it until I reach my three hundred.
I was checking to see if I owed any money because my husband had died a year ago and I just gotten a form and I've had to hold off on my taxes because I didn't know if I.
I'm not real happy about all of a sudden to be billed $17 a month for health insurance that up until this time we weren't paying anything at all for.
Denying my claim for paying for dental treatment is ridiculous.
I have to say that Katherine the UHC rewards customer service agent covered everything thoroughly in the program for retired state employees and I can't think of anything or anybody that would've explained and guided me through this program better than Catherine.
It would be really nice if somehow the program could be tied into claims put in by providers and that way you would have evidence that people went to providers for certain procedures that you're looking at like colonoscopies or upper endoscopies mammograms and that sort of thing.
Reduce cost for (unclear) tablets (unclear) ER I believe it's the way you people charge way too much it should be a lot less costly to me.
And it doesn't get me anywhere because now I'm in the hole for $1100 for this doctor and the ambulatory service.
And if he happens not to be and he doesn't get paid why should I get information about that and you know send me a denial letter that because of improper editing of the procedure you will not get paid.
I'm a little concerned that we were told my mom would only have to pay $5000 in out of pocket but we didn't realize she would have to keep paying all of her bills and would get a refund at the end of the year for anything she went over $5000 and it's just hard to come up with the money to keep paying her medical bills but that's not the issue of the phone service it's just the issue of how her plan is set up.
I am going to have to (unclear) the LET charge and evidently since it was in your computer system and I had completed all the information then forwarded to Medicare and evidently they denied it.
The call that I had to make to UHC to get issues resolved when bills aren't paid 'cause they sent to the wrong billing place.
And if I call them it's actually faster apparently so it'd be nice to have some kind of information related to the patient that it's faster and easier for them to call the doctor's office then have you guys call the doctor's office.
However every time I call UHC it seems like you guys just aren't up on what's happening in the world of medicine.
They're working on a thing for trying to get a secondary insurance straightened out (unclear).
But the person who helped me did an extremely good job explaining to me why my co pay was a hundred and ninety two dollars and sixty seven cents and what you could've done better is had a formulary that was more reasonable.
How much money I need to pay and the next time I get an 90 day order.
Make Medicare a little bit tad more sensible so I didn't have to constantly duplicate tests.
See there seems to be a problem with the medical billing services that the doctors in the hospital and so on and so forth are using.
I'm receiving bills and I call them up and I tell them that they're only charging me for (unclear) UHC or Medicare and they say oh you have both and I said yes they're only billing one of my insurances.
But there seems to be a problem on their side where they don't get the information that tells them besides Medicare I have UHC.
The one thing you could've done better is I needed to know about benefits and you kept saying your benefit began January 1st and you have no out of pocket benefits blah blah.
I really can't think of anything she could do better except change the rules on my 20 percent which she can't do because that comes from my primary care people.
Well UHC could stop having me call 4 and 5 different people and the young lady that just helped me did a wonderful job because she did initiate the medical call to my doctor's office.
But I trusted and I thought that UHC was a very great agent or company medical insurance company but I don't understand why I have to wait from February to now to just get a simple walker.
I wasn't able to find out exactly what I was after which was the name of the provider whoever was charging me whoever charged Medicare or the plan.
Could have gotten me the price on the co payment but that's alright.
Don't use Bakersfield family medication center connected with ARRP in (unclear) Bakersfield California because they are the worst people for referrals they said you referral and they have no phone numbers no addresses not exactly what kind of doctor they are or anything if you could use somebody else because that company's huge and they need their system updated they can afford to do that.
Use somebody else besides BFNC or if you have somebody else that I can transfer to other than them we also have (unclear) family medical but I don't want to change doctors because mine is saving my life.
UHC has way too many and I'm trying to be get to the renew one website for the renew rewards and it's very difficult.
When you call the customer service you have to go (unclear) your date of birth your name your telephone all those your Social Security all that stuff stupid questions to tell them no body is going to call customer service until (unclear) America.
However when I went to the pharmacy it wasn't covered and when I did call in to get that explained they told me that what I paid for retail is what they covered but it didn't cover anything.
I paid full retail price for the medication that I was going to get and I don't understand why you sent a letter out to someone and tell them that it's you're going to temporary cover it and then when they get to the pharmacy it's not covered.
The rep did explain to me that it was something that Medicare didn't cover but yet still they send me a letter telling me that there is going to be temporary coverage.
UHC is my primary but Optum care which I'm under too they don't seem to keep their information updated with Optum care is not updated or UHC is updated but Optum care is not so I would appreciate that being done.
Unless you are with UHC and then you pay just as much for generic as you do the name brand drug and this is for old people that you're doing this.
Because they were supposed to be done under part B and the person in Optum Rx didn't know what they were talking about and mislead me.
So if my doctor's on vacation for 2 weeks I don't get my medication for 2 weeks and this has happened to me before and this is why I'm no longer going to do mail order.
I've had no problems with Walgreens for 20 years and I've had this now with you for the past 4 months which I've only been going to Optum RX for 4 months.
I was able to make a payment for June fore my AARP Optum RX account.
Every time I call my insurance company which is you all I get people that are really nice.
It was just a nightmare getting into the website and UHC didn't understand that I needed to go to a AARP United Health Medicare and even if you do a search MyAARPMedicare.
Well the only thing you could've done better is to inform your representatives that a person who is enrolled in the New York state Empire plan cannot have additional Medicare plans or their hospital medical surgical mental health and substance abuse and prescription drugs will be canceled.
I can't get it so I have to go to a disability place to get it and everything but overall she did a very good job.
And it was a very simple fix but your customer service representatives are horrible I've had this problem time after time with the ones that deal with the Medicare and special needs individuals and I find it very unfortunate that you have some poor customer service representatives helping these individuals on the phone on a daily basis.
(Unclear) the Social Security I (unclear) a month and my wife is 70 she said they can't take the Social Security for the insurance.
I don't know what the better you could have done because the medicine is really expensive and you got to pay for it but your rep was (unclear) explained it as good as he could.
I got quite a bit of information out of it but you know because this is a request for information on going to a Psychiatrist you know it doesn't seem as clear cut as it does when you go other specialist and that isn't the fault at all of the representative but I just think that it's too bad it isn't just a little easier to access.
Well I was wanting a little more information on the dental (unclear) as to what is covered and I really didn't have time to write it all down but I can go online and look it up.
Yes I got two different responses to health care coverage when I'm traveling.
This is really horrible (unclear) I trying to find out if there's another health service that I can go to that will actually help instead of send you around in merry-go-rounds.
It's just the pharmaceutical company's that are charging so much money for the medication and the.
I was hoping to find some help in getting the transportation to get to doctor's appointments and since I don't have transportation now but at least I found out you all don't I don't have that in my coverage and I did get information on other problems.
Explain to me why I'm paying $600 a year plus for all my drugs instead of trying to talk me into keeping a policy and telling me that I would be penalized if I dropped it.
Now I did on plan calling Social Security to see if I'm gonna be penalized for dropping it because that was a lie.
I spoke with Kelly and she resolved my issue of the claims that the emergency room visit is $80 which I knew and any bills that I receive that I can call you and you'll explain them to me if I don't believe I should pay them.
actually by the middle of June I should have that explanation of benefits.
And that it turns out in our case 94% of the billing was not paid and everybody was satisfied which shows a very ridiculous fictitious billing system.
Because I'm (unclear) reimbursed through another facility to get that money back so I can keep making my my my payments for my out of pocket.
I know Medicare has been changed a lot.
I'm very glad of that but I cannot rate you as a ten until I get bills in the mail and I'm able to pay them.
So I'm not sure whether that's going to work out or not because I have gotten lists of doctors that did not exist or did not take this insurance anymore before.
You could have when I called UHC actual plan got a hold of someone that could actually find me.
I need to find out exactly what is going to transpire in the future because my doctor no longer accepts Medicare and the person I spoke to was extremely helpful and very patient but it depends I guess in the end what UHC decides.
She told me the wrong tier for insulin and the wrong co pay and the lady today cleared everything up.
My insurance was all messed up when I moved back from Rhode Island after being there 18 months losing everything (unclear) I took Medicare.
However I'm on a HMO type of program and I see there's no advantage at all because the costly matters of.
So that's the same thing as Medicare 'cause Medicare covers 80% and I have to cover 20%.
I still am going to look at my UHC dot com in order to be able to just be clear on some of the benefits because this was an emergency visit and ambulance and I just need to verify that those things are also covered by his maximum out of pocket.
Providing information in the documents that you send when you first sign up that you can't set up your website at my medicare complete.
during the open period when I plugged in my prescriptions I was told that your plan was better than the plan I was on.
(Unclear) did not answer my questions about why they are taking out more premium every year on the automatic (unclear) check and they are not giving me more explanation about why they are taking out more on me every year and I would like to know why period.
All your customer service people are impeccably wonderful but your website does not sufficiently help me to find the facilities that I need that are in my network.
And recommend UHC to anybody else that needs health insurance.
Well I was calling about (unclear) care and I didn't really get an answer as to whether it's covered by our insurance or not.
I just didn't understand why all of the sudden I had a pathology fee but anyway they perhaps when I had Humana the last time I had it done maybe there wasn't one.
Wonderful (unclear) got all my concerns and understand that what I'm concerned about explained something that I didn't know in reference to my pharmacy and it was so important for my blood pressure medicine that the pharmacy that I had is relying on over prescription of extra prescription but I'm with Optum RX and very (unclear) the customer service relation person Angela got that in the computer that knows I (unclear) nothing which I was it reconfirmed what I was thinking but they (unclear) to my UH twice.
They resolved my issue of getting my medication but I'm very frustrated with your web site because I cannot get pricing on all of my meds.
You could've actually let me talk to customer service so I could find out what my copay to go to cardiac rehab is cuz I said yes I would do a survey after I spoke to somebody and guess what they put me right to the survey.
See and that's the only thing that he could improve on to make sure that the doctors that are giving to us are on the network cuz many times they say they are in the network.
would this have been easier to be taken care of a head of time when applying for this (unclear) Medicare Plan when it was first submitted instead of sending a penalty letter after the fact a couple of days before this was supposed to start.
And they told us we'd have a $520 copay and we're on limited income and we've been with UHC for a long time and they said we did have to pay it.
I don't see anywhere you can do any improving but I'm very pleased with all the services that I have been receiving through UHC.
One person said that we qualified for zero co pay on our medicine and the next one said we still had to pay a small amount.
I can get access to Optum but since you've changed to the security code it's not a fix it's a problem.
Yes the representative was able to explain that Medicare Part D is paid in reverse.
I just would like to not have a thousand dollar deductible before you start paying more.
There was just a mistake from UHC that I told the representative that they need to go back through the IT and get it straightened out.
might have been done better would be for UHC to give some type of deductions on hearing aids that comes through our benefits instead of.
I guess you can call the CVS pharmacy and I can get better discount than you are already right now.
it's more location and it's closer to me I don't have to drive far to go to the Walgreen in order to get the discount thank you.
Last one was (unclear) with Humana which is a whole lot simpler.
Whenever you get a double billing from someone if you send me a denial after the first time it was paid I think that I owe again and I think there's something wrong there should be someway that you could say this is not a bill and this is the 2nd time were were billed and so actually you shouldn't even send it to me the 2nd one it's exactly identical to the first one that was already paid I don't know that's all.
Your computer program that answered the phone was awful there needs to be something on there that gets you to a real live human being there needs to be an option there wasn't an option so but the computer program was awful thank you.
I gave her some information on 3 bills that my mom received and I just needed to know if they need to be paid.
She has to go above and beyond to contact the people that did the billing to let me know if it's OK to pay them because they're.
It has to do with a scam that is related to my insurance policy but there's no way I can do that just by email.
I was told by my health reimbursement arrangement group that I needed a letter of coverage and I don't know if what you're going to send me is called a letter of coverage I did get an understanding of that from talking with your representative although from what he described it's sounds like it will satisfy the group to get my reimbursement but I won't know that until I see it and see if it has everything that they want on it and send it in to them and when I start getting my reimbursements then the circle will be finished and we'll be all done with it and then I would say things are a 10.
Well for one thing this is the first time I've ever had to pay the difference on a mammogram and ultrasound but I've got it taken care of and that's.
So now I'm going to have to call the hospital and find out what's going on whether they are paid are not paid.
They give you a number I call the transportation people the transportation people tell me to call United Healthcare and it's just a big hassle arranging for transportation and that's basically that's where I had trouble.
With the money that's paid per month for insurance and for Medicare it seems that that's the way it ought to be.
A $10 co pay that's the only issue I had thank you.
The one thing was I have bill that you had paid this month of May and the doctors bill is dated the last of month.
that the date of service is not the same (unclear) month as your payment so I had a difference between while I was being billed and the fact that I did not have explanation of benefits for the month of May which is really not your fault because I won't get into that until the end of the month of May.
Well I've tried for the last two weeks to get on the Internet and the health care on the Internet and for some reason I can't get registered and I can't.
Your card that you sent me wasn't had the wrong doctor on it and you could do better that way.
To make sure that I could tell my providers that I do have insurance and not tell them that I don't.
the billed amount and talking to your representative they said no that's not correct.
So that concerns me that I get letters saying that I am payments not gonna be made and I need to mail a check when that in fact is not true.
And in fact I was asked a question that was very helpful to have my son and daughter in law put as in contacts on my insurance 'cause they do have power of attorney for healthcare.
It's still confused of why I am paying out more from my insurance our prescriptions than the plan paid.
I actually have a PPO but it didn't show up immediately that I had the PPO.
you know I have to have her call to say to you please apply to have this change from a tier 3 to a tier 2.
I pay a premium of $150 on top of that every month to make sure I have his home cell number.
or if your operating system is so complex it takes them way longer than you would expect for them to be able to look up what (unclear) of a preferred provider copay.
I have to give you credit about that and I (unclear) tried to get my discount on my medical on my medicines (unclear) it was very high and so the lady said she's going to put in a request for (unclear) discount (unclear) and so far (unclear) I'd give y'all a four.
My pharmacy wants to charge me $450 and according to my insurance it should be 20.
We're both anemic and I don't understand why we're having to pay so much for iron medication and then for y'all to say that it's not a prescription and what we take is prescription.
this medication and this is ridiculous that you have to pay on a level 3 and a level 4 for all these high medications.
There is (unclear) some service that I (unclear) maybe you could look into that because this is a service that is much needed and it is not available for me.
She told me I'm not eligible for drug help because I'm a few dollars over what the qualification is.
And he also helped me to locate different providers on my own as well if I want to do that at your various or your couple of website's.
And I do have several problems with the new Medicare Advantage PPO plan and it's not that I had the problem the problem is with the medical providers claims billing office all the time.
And if there was a discount for paying off a year at a time I gladly would've paid that.
I would've like a better idea of what my costs out of pocket costs would be.
I'm getting a very high copay from you guys that I don't understand.
It's $218 I never had a copay like that.
But I do appreciate that and I do like my insurance UHC and again this was Marissa.
but the one thing you could have done for me is charge less for my medications because my medicines are so expensive we have all we could do to pay for them.
We pay you at will immediately and when it (unclear) come to refund it because of (unclear) you give us problems.
Actually every time I've called and used this number to do our monthly premiums everybody has been really nice and everything has gone through very smoothly.
UHC please give me a Medicare that I don't have to pay because you know I don't make all that money from Social Security and I would like to have like 0 0 payment and with my dentist.
the lady I had to your insurance company.
the problem is with the provider and unfortunately their failure to connect with the service representative is why it's unresolved.
He told me I have UHC Group Medicare Advantage and so that's what I wanted to know.
The person was dismissive argumentative difficult and ultimately failed to provide medication in any way more economically than my local drug store and since it's the only thing I take I think I'm probably gonna have to cancel my policy with you because it makes no sense for me to have a drug policy with you if it costs me more than buying the drugs at the local drug store.
Very satisfied with the insurance that I've had for a couple years now.
Anyway I guess I will have to call Medicare and see if I if they cover it and what they know about it.
I think all is well I expected it to be my payment to be deducted from my Social Security check I have requested that and I requested it in January.
All I need is a copy of my Medicare medicines and I just can't seem to get that from anyone.
the medications when they're needed and not gives you the jerking around and sending it express when they tell you they're going to and not sending it when they tell you they will.
The only thing that you could've done better for me was to pay my copay.
Actually the customer service rep Mary helped me to understand how the coverage works under Medicare and supplemental S and prescription.
Yeah you I take omrithyroid and because your company does not accept that I have to pay out of pocket that disturbs me after saying that I have to pay a monthly fee for my medical for my medicine and yet I still have to pay because on omrithyroid is more of a natural medication than a synthetic one.
I am very dissatisfied with the amount I have to pay monthly for what I get out of it.
If they have an emergency need for a local pharmacy it's really a problem with a 90 day supply and vice versa that's an issue that I think needs resolution but thank you.
Which is about a 16 percent increase in the cost of having that done which I have to pay and I wanted to verify that 140 was correct.
And with Medicare people didn't ask me if everything is you know correct when they issued me the card.
They placed a Tri Care insurance knowing that my husband is military but I am using UHC insurance.
I have been involved with insurance companies regarding property claims my entire life and it's not very often you find people like her.
for the closest one I said my zip code and it only goes out 50 miles but it turns out there is no Walgreens within 50 miles.
my obligation was 20 percent but they were unable to give me the exact cost for what the procedure was going to be and that's the missing thing and that's what I was calling for.
And now I have to pay a bill out of my own pocket which I thought was going to be covered.
We've been with this for my husband's insurance for a long time.
Explained my insurance policies before I filed this (unclear) I never realized that I would have an out of pocket expense for $1000 and that's a lot more than I can afford.
Made the other insurance company go away instead of me.
Everything was fine as far as the service I only need better insurance next November thank you bye bye.
I didn't switch healthcare plans I had Blue Cross Blue Shield before this and I never had a problem.
I'm just struggling to realize that this insurer is not easy to find physicians that I need here in New York but I'm trying but the person helping people online were very helpful in giving me some names and some information about in network and out of network.
When I submit a bill that the doctor doesn't take my Medicare card I pay an out of network cost of copay which is 75 dollars for me versus 45 dollars for a specialist.
If it's at all possible apparently they can't do it but if I submit it on my own I should be able to get you know the full benefit of that.
It's that I would really hope that sooner or later they will get the benefit on my plan of transportation help because I no longer drive living in my son's house.
I find there was not much better service that you could have provided than what was given and thank you.
I just want to say that my representative Kamika did a very wonderful job of contacting an insurance bill company that I received and got me all the information for me to fax my husband's death certificate so that they can file a claim with UHC.
I just should've got the person's name that said that my insurance will cover this shot.
I am thankful that we do have customer service like that because some places when you call the customer service is very rude.
Some of the equipment sometimes when I call UHC has nothing to do with what the person that took care of me today.
Maybe a little speedier service I been on the phone for 40 minutes now but hopefully will take care of it in that amount of time thank you.
I was confused a little bit by the dental writer as far as the way I understood what she was saying was that in network and out of network dentists are treated the same and I still wouldn't pay anything for an out of network dentist but I my understanding had been that if it was an out of network dentist I would have to make up the difference in between whatever she charged and whatever she was reimbursed from the writer.
I believe the service department handled this gave me all the information and help they possibly could and then they're going to call me back and check on if I received satisfaction from the hospital billing so there's nothing more they could have done.
I'm just furious at the drug companies for the huge increase and I need to check before I order anything and see what's the best deal.
The whole change in part B Medicare for diabetic supplies and such that went into place I'm assuming that first 2018 it would have been nice if there would have been something sent out to the populous.
Oh let's see I was very satisfied finding out that I have dental benefits that I didn't even know I had benefits for several years and I've been paying the dentist and I was hoping maybe it would be retroactive for all I've paid but no thank you.
Today I called about an issue that's been going on since February 15th concerning my co pay with the hospital and also receiving a bill from the hospital that they said UHC didn't pay yet.
Not the Preferred Care Partners company but the company where (unclear) they said they take the insurance of Preferred Care Partners when I gave them my card.
insurance was gonna cover? And said I need to call the.
particularly the one on this today and I have no complaints and I think you're running a wonderful operation and handling my health insurance perfectly.
I have a new care provider company CVS in Texas and I am so happy that I got all the help from you.
The customer representative that I spoke with did not know the answer to a problem that I had concerning coverage of a drug so rather than look it up he's sending me the entire list to look through which I thought that was the purpose of you guys was to make things easier for us so little disappointed but otherwise he did a he did an adequate job.
I have to have because of a cancer diagnosis which is (unclear) two mammogram's a year one my regular annual the standard annual and the other one was a diagnosis just on the breast with the issue half way through the year and I understand that now because I've had an issue that UHC will only pay 20% on both breast exams and I just I have a problem with that because UHC has always been so good in people being proactive and taking care of their own health and I that's one thing I love about it but by doing this by saying oh well because you've had this kind of issue being then we're only going to pay 20% for both breast exams or we're you have to pay 20% for both breast exams where as at least the annual minimal the annual should at least continue to be free because now I've got to pay for 2 a year that I can't do on a limited you know social security income so that makes me like not able to take care of my own health just for financial reasons.
I know that I cannot be the only one in this situation so I would like UHC to really take a look at that to again minimally pay for the annual free breast exam like they always have and need to and then the patient pay for 20% of the additional breast exam that's reasonable I believe-.
Yeah prescription medication (Unclear) it's too expensive with the policy I have.
The only small little thing that I'm still not clear about is the billing how it works between if you get money from medicare and then I pay more on top of it.
You call another one you get a difference and don't explain nothing and they'll just tell you well no just like they just told me the initial before Gabrielle was that my benefits had changed when I called customer care improvement they said no let me get over there to find what's happening and then I get another one she said no the doctor called in not the ninety day but thirty day well I spoke with the doctor's office yesterday and I'm getting ready to verify with them now.
You ask who is doing what with your dental plan and let people know where their services are coming from and what they're supposed to do.
Yeah dissatisfied with the first doctor that was recommended to us by the name of Garis Dolap he cannot see us like 4 months a head of time for an initial visit thank you.
I need to find out if I qualify for assistance and how do I do that.
you know when you increase medication to an elderly person in 6 months it's a big difference on ever one of those medications went up about 6 to 10 dollars to 8 dollars.
The Social Security need a raise and I didn't get no raise it all went to Medicare.
I love my health insurance bye.
Representative done better is the people at Vision Works told me they were reversing my the return glasses back into the system and then your representative said that they can't do it it has to be done through claims and so it seems as if Vision Works did not know what the procedures were.
But that's when I could have got this processed very quicker so now I have to wait for to go in with for new glasses and I did ask for some other companies to go to (unclear) the one I normally would use is not in your system.
He was okay service was okay I mean the girl was good she went online but she told me I should go you could check online for the things that my service was covered I'd sign you up for some help for my mother for Medicare she's (unclear) in a nursing home (unclear) probably just sent me a list of what's covered okay bye.
As far as UHC itself is concerned when they sold me this package of goods they were not very lucid and they did not give me enough information and I did not realize that I was out of network (unclear) where I was going in my new location.
I think it's very unprofessional that I can't get an answer and then they give me somebody else's insurance information that's not mine.
And I think it would be to your advantage if you all did have something like this because your you cater to older American and people with disability that are on fixed incomes and when you have to take your whole insurance in order to pay deductibles and.
It works very well for me that you have stopped covering and it was (unclear) and the reason you're not covering it is because I am 65 (unclear) and I put in exceptions my doctor's put in exceptions and you deny it every time and that is something that I don't understand and evidentially youth will not help me resolve so that's the only concern I have (unclear) was the one I just spoke to about the this situation with the service situation I had was very helpful.
The young lady Katie said that the policy have is a personal and individual policy and that they were gonna send me a letter saying that I am insured with you people.
Could've had denture insurance that most of us desperately need and y'all dropped.
They never sent them 2 weeks has gone and like I've never got the forms based on my original request on May 14th then UHC doesn't even have a record of the fact that I asked for those forms.
Of having to process a claim to try to recover for the services that will give to my provider.
I'm happy with the way UHC is administering this but I can say with Jean was fine she did everything she could to correct the problem.
It's just that my issue wasn't resolved because I have to wait to see if I'm gonna be billed directly by the hospital.
Justin helped me and it's my first call to a Medicare plan which starts tomorrow and I'm very optimist that I might have chosen a good insurance plan.
I want you to know that you have the absolute worst web page to pay a bill on that I use on everything that I do.
Yes I got something in the mail from UHC and it's kind of unexplainable.
This is the 3rd or 4th call that I've made on the same subject which is a denial of service and in all cases the contact that the service wasn't denied and yet I'm getting these notices and so are the providers.
But Cindy did a great job and I'm not that's why I gave the lower stuff is that my dissatisfaction is Medicare or my Medicare drug plan was not able to be credited for a medication that I did not get or did not take and it was returned.
Your service on the phone is fine it's the actual insurance company that is not taking care of me and my pocketbook and that's all I have to say for now.
I am completely satisfied with my insurance and every time I call the people that take care of me are excellent at their job.
I'm satisfied with the young lady and her efforts but the information she has I don't know where she gets it from how she gets it who supplies her the information but she has the wrong information so again we were going to end up hanging up saying okay this is a durable medical supply company that we need to work with only to find out that no the no it wasn't going to work so I don't know where the breakdown is I know it's a massive the work-.
Nothing I hear nothing but complaints from people about how horrible Medicare is how long they got to wait on the phone (unclear) I've never had a problem yet.
It was not your customer service people that are the problem it is your payment receivable department that is your problem when they can't credit accounts properly for payments made.
Thank you so much and I like AARP my Medicare plan except for my high premium on one drug that I have to take.
something that you can do better is have your future employees trained by this individual who gave me a professional resolution of my (unclear) my concerns all the information I requested.
I just wanted to find out if these people that I'm dealing with are in my network and I find out they're not in my network.
She advised me what to do 'cause I didn't want to pay this bill that I've gotten from Wilmington Health because I've already paid for an MRI and they're billing me for another one 'cause the first one did not take.
Change the back pay on those prescriptions I paid full price for.
I would've liked to have had more instruction on where to go on your website to find out about claims and denials and what's the insurance.
The only thing I'm worried about is just the (unclear) and that's hoping that the insurance would be able to pick up the cost I have on my brand names.
The one thing you could have done better for me on this call is to clarify in the communications that were sent to me the precise cost for the dental insurance supplement which was added to my basic Medicare Complete plan and for which I am being charged now $14.
70 a month as a penalty because I was not advised in advance that there was a penalty for adding the plan the dental plan to my Medicare Complete insurance plan.
I wish I had known at the beginning of the call that the login problems with HealthSafe were there and we wouldn't have gone around and around trying to reset the password numerous times just to find out HealthSafe was not working with the website.
So I know that I have to pay $44 a month and so that's the (unclear) help so yeah they helped me.
And then charging me a big hassle I'm actually planning to quit using them and go to Walgreens.
You could have stopped the phony letters I'm getting all the time talking about my card my credit card having been expired to pay my (unclear) and except my premium is being paid the Social Security and apparently these letters are in a cog so I keep getting them even though I there's nothing I can do about it.
I think that when we're applying against a deductible which I guess I wasn't aware of that I need to be notified how much the prescription is costing.
I'm not sure what you could do better for me because there is a difference between UHC and (unclear) CVS Care Mart the Silver Skirt system.
I was also told that the 1st time I called that the price of Shindrex is set by the pharmacy and the 2nd time I called I was told by that the price is set by Medicare.
I really don't know of anything they could've done better but I do have to contact Well Med for charges for my husband's shoes.
I have to pay for a part A premium.
My problem is that I've been going to a doctor for over 25 years and now I'm on your plan and he's not covered.
You will find me a doctor clean out of my territory and I can't fix anything because my new plan isn't in effect until tomorrow.
The fact that Medicare is not providing things that people need Medicaid will.
This was a total (unclear) insurance that we had back in 1998 and continued on Cobra for awhile has no bearing whatsoever on our insurance coverage now.
And they took my user ID from the Optum RX and put it on the health safe ID area which is AARP Medicare which caused a lot of confusion thinking that Optum RX doesn't exist anymore.
Yes I (unclear) help with the Medicare representative and I can't complain.
I wanted to enroll in the care improvement (unclear) but it's after 7 here my time PM and it's too late to enroll.
'Cause he said he was covered he covers people with AARP Medicare PPO.
I've got a six thousand dollar deductible that I don't understand that's.
Well actually my insurance expires at the end of this day.
On your payments for your Rx plan I would suggest in the light of the Post Office inability to seem to be able to get the mail to people on time and sometimes not at all that you send out a coupon book at the beginning of the year.
Well if the shingles vaccine didn't have a $45 copay two times that would be really good.
I wasn't happy with like I wasn't happy with the $45 copay times two and that my eye doctor's not on UHC.
It's a prick your finger test for Cumidin and your rep would not find some way for it to cost less than 50 dollars each time I have this which is going to be twice a week.
When I haven't been paying anything with my insurance.
in your records and today it took over an hour to get logged in with your new tier health tier security whatever.
But she didn't really resolve my issue on my I have a coinsurance.
And my prescriptions drugs actually they the my copay on that actually went up instead of going down.
I can't think of anything that you could've improved on with this customer service rep.
Well the only thing is for my PCP provider you should have told me that my doctor wasn't accepted new insurance but I'll call him and find out what's going on thank you.
UHC I never have no problems you always take care of me.
The people I spoke to were really great it's just that I noticed that there is a tremendous increase on all the prices so I probably will be checking with another HMO next time because everything has gone up so high thank you bye.
Well I would like to as long as I get a bill long as I need to know what I owe if I owe anybody money I want to pay it I don't want to hurt my credit or raise my debt so I pay bills when I get a bill in I pay it it's in the mail the next day and that's all I want is if I got if owe somebody I want to send me bill that's all I care about and outside of that I've got no problems I'm I love my insurance you know UHC has been good and I'm happy with it so but that's about it for what I have to say and I appreciate you help and I'm going to wait now and see if I get another paper maybe they're still arguing about whoever I don't know who it is but I'll just wait now and see what happens alright and I again I appreciate you help and thank you very much and you have a good day thank you bye bye.
I have to upgrade my insurance it's really.
I was trying to get a Silver Sneaker allowance (unclear) I was wondering if I had that on my insurance to be allowed to go to fitness classes and things like that and swimming classes.
I was looking for a reason why the renew rewards gives you $50 'til June 30th but after that you're only entitled to $25 reward and I can't go to the doctor except in October so why am I penalized because I can't go to the doctor why is the rewards half the price at the beginning is.
I thought I was very well taken care of I had (unclear) had a little problems with the place that I got my glasses they will cover the cost of the exam recognize the payment for the cost of the exam but they will not recognize the cost payment for the glasses so sort of a double standard there but that's not your problem I don't get unless you've looked into it further with every (unclear) as to why they don't cover the prescription part of it thank you very much bye bye.
Which is the dentist got the wrong information and they were not going to accept my copay they said that United did not accept dental accept vision and health and he went and he checked it out so I sure do appreciate it thank you so much goodbye.
I have to pay out of my pocket because I don't understand this Medicare.
If you go to the Medicare booklet it does indicate that there's a deductible.
So that they would know because I can not go and pay bills I can't have the dentures (unclear) pulling the few teeth I have out is going to use up the $1000 you know so (unclear) just something a flier that you put in when you send the booklet out to people who are on the dual complete program.
Well I'm with UHC and they didn't send me my medical card in the mail with this book I got.
I asked about benefits there's a woman on the line just saying what my benefits are and then of course (unclear) wasn't enough for me.
I they I gave the information they needed about my former insurance but now it has to go back to Medicare and it won't be for seven to ten days til I get my final confirmation and my card and my number.
What he didn't tell me is that I have a PPO and the program doesn't make any difference.
Call my insurance broker he told me look they pay the same in or out of network.
The statement that I received from Medicare Complete for 34 dollars was dated June 1st but it didn't say the date that I had the service which was March 15th and March 31st April 1st when I was supposed to have canceled the plan so I wouldn't be billed for April or June and so the statement itself was left a lot to be desired.
I'm completely satisfied I got my wellness exam I got my colon screening I got my gift cards in the mail everything was punctual everything (unclear) I have no problems thank you.
regarding the billing department because Mary was receiving multiple like 71 copies of the billing statement over a 3 month period and we don't think it's handled yet.
Well I switched insurance last year from (unclear) Blue Anthem had a (unclear) shot with no cost whatsoever and now I'm finding out it's going to cost me $300 a year so that's not making me very happy alright I'm going to hang up here.
You couldn't do anymore than what was told from you by Walgreen and I don't really appreciate Walgreen telling me that I hadn't refilled my prescription for the (unclear) since 2017 so it wasn't nothing on your part it was the part of Walgreen that really irritates me when I know something is wrong so that's what made me go find the papers and find the right date and stuff and the year which they're telling me and stuff so I don't like getting wrong information from people.
Connect me with the person that I need to pay my premium payment thank you.
I just don't understand how you can (unclear) at the people being under United Healthcare with the special copay of 40$ and in then the emergency service is 80$.
There's nothing you could have done better for you it hasn't been resolved because my health care provider has to be contacted by UHC which you were going to do thank you.
Well one thing that I would like is to get a cheaper policy and a better plan and I've tried to do that and I went through all kinds of trouble not talking to this customer service about four or five months ago.
You can give me a plan that doesn't have as much copay and I pay as much as you do about thank you.
So that's why I (unclear) completely satisfied would have been okay everything's resolved it isn't quite I might have to make some changes in and that that isn't any fault of your company the doctor that's my primary doctor is not on your plan that might mean I have to change my primary doctor (unclear) not too happy with the choice of keeping her and losing all these extra benefits it's just not possible and then (unclear) I (unclear) I cannot I cannot lose the benefits I'm one of those Social Securities not that big (unclear) working until Social Security was very low before (unclear) higher so and the share I get is not that big I think the government tries to do what they can and that this (unclear) here to help us out is great.
I was just making my payment which I do over the phone every month and because I'm old fashioned that way I guess and I like to actually talk to somebody and that way I guess I make sure that it's done and everything's taken care of but there's nothing that you could've done better.
I got my payments done and I also got so they're paying my payments every month off my debit card.
Customer service was good they take care of my problems efficiently.
I was transferred to a bank instead of another department to take care of my claim.
There really wasn't anything I called about the cost increase of my meds and of course you couldn't handle that I was referred back to express scripts but I thank you anyhow.
Everything was regarding the call was handled satisfactory the lady was very very nice she did a lot of investigation for me I just wish we could get our statements earlier right May is now over it would be nice to get May with in the first or second week of June instead of getting our statements at the end of June for May that's the only comment I have it would be nice 'cause I am getting billed for services that I've had but I don't have the UHC statement to back it up.
the provider of the billing amount and then the total amount which is minimal and as many procedures that were denied so I just hope that this doctor does (unclear) or accept it.
I don't understand it I got shipped to Optum Rx (unclear) it was a mess and I still don't have any answers they disconnected me.
Put me in contact with somebody that can actually help me with my problem and not just keep shifting the problem around to all of your other divisions and services.
I God bless them and I thank y'all for the insurance and thank God you give me the right insurance with the right people.
Well it would have been nice to know that my dental network had a different name that's called Dental Passage and it's not on my card and I've been trying to find a dentist online and you know nowhere does it tell me in my book or anywhere else on like you know.
It's not you know you're normal place you log in at My AARP Medicare it's not there for dental.
It was the provider who will not give me a bill for the amount that they think I owe.
I kept getting the question this wellness thing and what I already have with my doctor I got a letter today that's what generated this call and it says that the wellness program is going to be closed and is good only until 9/30/18 my doctor's appointment my primary doctor who I have (unclear) same as last year is probably the last one and he is in November 29th that's when I go to see him and I couldn't get through to the agent here that I'm not going to try and call him up and say hey you've got to change your appointment because I want to get a card that's not the idea of it and she says oh no you can still get it even if it's the 29th but just call them and have a wellness visit with him but that's not the way I've done it (unclear) before.
The 15 and 25 percent of the total cost is the thing that's a little aggravating because now I have to call the doctor's office to see how much 15 or 25 percent of the co pay is so but other than that I don't think there's anything you can do about that but I appreciate your help and my person that spoke with me was very satisfying.
What you could've done is not given me this problem in the first place it's not the first time I have had this problem with your company.
Absolutely nothing everybody is so helpful at UHC that when I have billing question I already know the facility has made a mess of it or the doctor's office has made a mess with it so I call and I get straighten about what I really do owe and 3 out 4 times I don't know anything because I stay within network thank you very much all of you.
Well the gentleman Lou was extremely nice very intelligent pleasant man to talk with the only thing you do to make it better is the prescription not be so expensive for my (unclear) $45 for 30 days isn't too back $135 for 90 days it's not going to take long for me to get in that donut hole so that would be the only thing the cost of the prescription.
Well I guess I could've got a letter stating that this bill was paid and otherwise I wouldn't have bothered you all.
Apparently you're structure is so complicated that nobody knows what they're doing I've been waiting for 3 months to get an approval on something I didn't need to get an approval on apparently so I've gone back between (unclear) United my doctor's office back and forth since March 16th so hopefully today will have solved the problem I don't know if it will but there's this whole thing about the vision is not part of (unclear) but apparently all of the people at (unclear) don't know that just getting a routine eye exam within they're (unclear) so I you know I don't know what to tell you except that everybody's got to shut down like starbucks and get retrained so that's my thoughts thanks bye.
this is available to you and this is the doctor that takes this.
Don't think you could've done anything better actually it's got to go back my question has to go back to the billing office from the facility where the service was provided and then go back to UHC so I'm good.
Well the only thing I really wanted to get was an idea of (unclear) I (unclear) meeting my yearly deductible but right now they don't have that information so I'm satisfied that I'll wait and see what I have to do.
The initial person who answers your contact number that's on the insurance card needs to be better informed and not be so reactionary when they don't know the answer to tell you things that and keep saying the same thing over and over (unclear) when you ask to be transferred they're very reluctant to get you to somebody who's able to answer your question.
I was put on hold for an agent to talk to about a billing problem and I wasn't on there 1 minute and the survey started no way to get back so your survey needs to wait until your problems resolved not start because you're on hold.
Hello my call was involving the Shingrex vaccine for shingles prevention that is now through this plan a tier 3 drug and so the cost is a little prohibitive for people with this plan I think that Medicare Complete through AARP and talking to Medicare should see if they can adjust the tier level on that drug so the cost isn't so prohibitive thank you.
Yes I was calling regarding a medical reimbursement that I have been waiting for since March and unfortunately I heard that it has not even been looked at for over 2 months and it's very disappointing because my husband's still in rehab and we need the money and we also borrowed money from family that needs the money and I feel this now I'm being told I won't (unclear) for another 30 days and I think that that's terrible if this was reversed I would be getting charged major late fees and (unclear) everything else I do not understand this I trying to be understanding 'cause this is an international thing but 4 months is a little bit much.
that's where you can help if you straighten out your website you had that tuned up 'cause the Rite Aid and Walgreens the preferred sites are which Walgreens bought Rite Aid and it's network now it's not showing it when you put the drug the meds in and then you click on where you're gonna go it's says it's not participating which it is I hope I'm clear on this 'cause it would help other people out I thank you.
I've had to call in multiple times and this is the first representative that actually had a solution to the problem I'm having with the copays so I do appreciate her time I've spent multiple phone calls talking about the rep and I'm asking for help if somebody can just help me get things the way they were last year I've had to pay so much money out of pocket it's influenced my whether I have my electricity on or not whether I can eat or not and it's been a big inconvenience let alone I haven't been able to fill all the prescriptions that my doctors want me on so the representative today was wonderful but the other one were certainly were far from it.
I'm not I'm trying to pay my bill and I don't want to have a chit chat.
You can make sure that 'cause I pay every month on the same day that the screen is caught up so the representative doesn't tell me that I didn't pay last month which I did which last month's premium thank you.
Your automated customer health assessment survey doesn't work it kept failing when I either spoke or entered with my keypad my birth day after multiple times it quit and this is like the 3rd time I've tried to do this now and it wouldn't accept information I don't know what to do please call me if there's an answer.
I had a situation with my card did expire that you have on file but it's since been rectified and no interruption to my monthly auto withdrawal just like my monthly premium.
I really can't think of anything except maybe I keep having problems with the lab all of a sudden I get a bill that's like 3 months old.
It would have been more helpful if someone from UHC was willing to call the HMO group (unclear) Lakeside and informed them that (unclear) actually does have home health agency care benefits and all you need is a prescription which they so far have refused to supply.
They referred me to Blue Cross Blue Shield who referred me to Medicare who referred me back to your company.
I would have liked it if I had had a wellness gym membership included on my account that was the main reason for my call so that would've made me a happy camper.
Every time I call someone at Verizon benefits and UHC everything has been just great.
I'm just hoping the next letter I get from you guys doesn't have Caremark on it because I.
they wouldn't take your insurance and I switched back to Safeway so I'm dealing with Safeway not Caremark and the guy said it's that way on my records already so why I've got this thing with Caremark I don't know that's why I'm a little ambiguous about whether it's changed or not thanks bye.
The only thing I think you could do better is (unclear) for your customer service rep is in fact a network provider.
pay my payment over the phone automatically out of my bank and I have to stay with that and call it in because my Social Security check doesn't always come on the same time.
It happened to come on the 1st this month but it's usually the 3rd so I can't get on that other type thing because they take it out before my money gets in the bank so this works out very well for me to call in and I really appreciate you letting me do this thank you bye.
The last two calls that I've had just weren't the quality that United Healthcare has been known to give on their customer service rep.
Well when I received this bill on the top it says action required I've never seen that before I always pay my bill so is this something new is what I had asked about.
I guess my question is why a drug that is a combination of 2 drugs (unclear) and (unclear) is a 0 deductible.
In the UHC explanation of benefits that I received it says that I owe zero.
And the (unclear) billed me and so why does UHC paperwork tell me zero and the hospital tell me I should pay them.
I'm mad that you could've explained to me that I needed to register for this particular program so that I could be rewarded from house call as well as from the doctor's office from having the 2 types of activities.
Have a better relationship perhaps with the providers in my town of (unclear) so they would be willing to take the plan that has the Medicare component to it.
You could've done better by not raising the premiums this year almost 11 dollars for a senior on a fixed income that's around.
I guess if the insurance would have covered my long time gynecologist I would've been happier.
Yes the only thing you could've done is okay my (unclear) it's a generic name for it and paid for it there not any reason to you guys have been documented and sent to you on PA's so you aught to be paying for it I've been on it for years and it helps my (unclear) pain so an aspirin don't work that's what you all recommended some crap 5 things that was in the category of aspirin I have muscle spasms and I need this (unclear) thank you.
Well there was no claim in your system for the two dates I was calling about so I'm going to ask the doctor to resubmit them so that's why I'm not sure whether it's resolved yet or not it wasn't Felicia's fault thank you so much.
Very understanding the one thing UHC can do better for us is call me back I did leave work with Jasmine for someone to call me back on Monday as I'm trying to get home health care service provider for my father who is not in good condition and I keep on getting you know road blocks between the doctors and UHC so if somebody can please I guess the lady (unclear) call back on Monday my number's 9085076829 and it's in regards to my father Hans Kunis and his member ID is 903842863 thank you bye.
You got a lot of garbage and a lot of crap that you send out and you keep bugging me on the phone and I just (unclear) benefits like free gym memberships which my old insurance used to give me and glasses and things like that instead of all this fruit salad crap that you got in magazine and garbage and junk thank you very much.
You're gonna call somebody about a hearing aid place that has hearing (unclear) within a reasonable range of my home.
I think it's good if you could send me a detailed information on Medicare Complete Plan one and two but I would be more than happy to look it up on the internet as well.
the insurance I currently had at that time and I told her no don't do that because this is the information for this other PCP that was a back up just in case I couldn't get my appointment with Connie Olsen.
Other than that all the rest of the service has been great and so far today's my first day of (unclear) actually being on AARP Medicare Complete issued through United Healthcare.
you know he has a plan and he's out of a hospital up north and unfortunately has nothing to do with AARP Medicare Complete.
or the online part that has been 3 years in the making and still not resolved and it's still not resolved though we're gonna try again tomorrow when there's a tech support person from Health ID available.
Based on information that she said to us our 5 dollar copay or 10 dollar copay is could be going as high as 45 dollars a month for just 1 drug alone.
The one thing that would be better is if there was more explanation about the information that Medicare (unclear) such as Aetna which is didn't apply to me.
Today nothing but the dental insurance with regular with HMO it's kind of worthless because you can't find any doctors that accept it so I have to change it to the dental platinum rider 3 to be able to see a dentist so that was a very frustrating experience.
I wanted to (unclear) something from my insurance (unclear) I don't want to see anything from your insurance.
My experience with the UHC call center over the last 35 days has been atrocious and it's all due to the fact that the drug plan people don't talk to the insurance people and the sales people don't talk to the technology people and there's a problem with my leaving the Bank of America account and apparently there's a problem between UHC and Bank of America's contract.
We're new to UHC but any person that I've dealt with has been very nice.
It would help if you UHC could help me shop for cost of drugs and (unclear) I can't get a direct prescription (unclear) prescription anymore.
Put the information in your booklets that I don't get the benefits I don't receive I've got 2 booklets here that say I have a gym fitness program and come to find out I don't have any I hope I get a call back on this it's a very important to me it's because of my health and I need somebody to tell me how to go about it thank you.
Don't have any the Christine that helped me was outstanding in trying to understand my question she was patient and helpful the question became about a unfortunately a tier 5 drug that's needed and the copayment is incredibly high so it's just one of those things I'm trying to deal with it's not a problem with the plan it's just fact of life thank you.
Yes I'd appreciate if UHC stopped changing doctors especially I got no notification of it on my primary and I'm really upset over the fact they changed the primary so now there's a major reason why I went with UHC was to have Doctor (unclear) and number 2 I left the other coverage for constantly changing doctors as well that I had for years to come over to UHC so I wouldn't have to go through this anymore and now I have a Doctor (unclear) has done testing and everything else and how do I get an appointment with him if you're telling me I don't have him anymore and all the results are going back to him I don't understand it UHC has got to not change doctors and least of all there is no letter been sent to me about any of this going on alright thank you.
I could really use really have used a care coordinator as part of the special needs plan that I have been granted long story I don't know how to make it short I'm not able to get the program that I had 2 of the supervisors on customer service tell me that I am eligible to get haven't been able to do that because the pre authorization clerk when she called the provider line she is told that she needs to have the CPT code for what I want she doesn't know how to get it or something I'm unable to get it for her via the customer service side the nice lady I spoke to today Barbara she tells me what previous people in customer service has said she can't access that for me it seems like and incredibly nonsensical administrating hangle and I think that's exactly the point for having a care coordinator but I don't have one so that's my very specific summary and request can I have the assistance of somebody who can pull together some of my special needs you have my phone number but I'll give it anyway 9795308616 good bye.
Should have a local office in each state in which you operate or within each county that you operate or where ever you operate every time I call I get a different place I can't go there I can't do anything there's nothing we can do this is the 4th time I've called on the same matter and so far nothing has worked.
Thank you very much and I will be making a payment very soon.
I think the representative the department that I called is not trained to answer my question which was regarding a 20% that it paid that I pay and how that added up since it does not it's not congruent with what my bill is thank you.
thank you for the survey Amanda was very very nice but she could only tell me what the computer tells her but she did go a step further and actually tell me the name of my vision provider and a phone number to reach them seeing as I've called about this before this is one step further than I've ever got so I'm hoping after driving to three places today that was supposed to take my insurance instead they no longer did that this will be the key that gets me there.
Expedited my change of time for therapy I know need to go back and speak with my primary care physician who I'm sure will approve this and it would have been very nice just to accommodate the time element that I requested through UHC and perhaps you have governmental constraints or contractual constraints not to allow your personnel to do that okay thank you very much.
I could have been notified about my card being took from me and canceled I had no idea I had no insurance I come up here to get my medicine at the pharmacy and today's the first day I knew I had no insurance at all thank you y'all have a good day.
I was 45 minutes trying to update my phone number it's ridiculous and you guys can do better it's always a problem using the website it's never easy it's never smooth it's never (unclear) problems you need a complete review an update remember most of (unclear) old people they can't deal with this chaos please please please.
So my dad just went to a new plan and there are questions coming up about the monthly expected cost for (unclear) premium (unclear) compared with his old plan and having that available at your fingertips I think would help many of our customers.
I mean coding co-pay now.
It's probably the (unclear) that I have and that's what I wanted to know if I have the wrong type of AARP drug costs and I have Medicare approved or something I thought.
When somebody from the insurance system calls make sure they get the right party.
It's very difficult to find out just exactly what is their role in my insurance plan.
So far I've had all good people responding on phone calls that I've made to your company and that is the main reason why I keep your company service.
I have received 3 800 numbers in order to get (unclear) if they were all combined to one system it would greatly help.
As an example Ezetimide that last year I paid 27 dollars and 45 cents for I'm now paying 85 dollars for.
Synthroid I was paying 55 dollars and now I'm paying 85 dollars this year.
You know you could have helped me with more location for an urgent care center in Nevada but your representative tells me there are none in Nevada so I think you should get out into Nevada and find some places for sick people like me when a quick care clinic because they're much less expensive to you than going to an ER.
I believe your software that find the doctors nearest address to my house is not exactly working.
I have the UHC Supplement through Southern California Edison Company and I can hardly keep up with my bill and it's very confusing.
if you've got United Healthcare insurance you shouldn't.
