I spent some time down in Texas when I was in the Army and then (unclear) back and forth.
I got my answers that I needed.
I got all the information I needed.
Right now nothing I got all the information I wanted.
She went to check out why my passport wasn't working and then I got the survey.
I got all my information.
That I still had after my phone call yesterday.
It had to do with a claim that was submitted and just seemed to disappear and nobody knew where it was and it was presumed that I may have not submitted it with the correct form.
You sent me a form and now I'm sending the form back to you and I wanted to make sure that there was nothing that would be missing.
So I called in to ask on that and it took a very long time for them to figure it out that this bill was for April May and June.
So she didn't give me a high level of confidence that I was getting the correct answer.
I also asked about a refund check I had received.
Treat me with courtesy and provide me with the information I called for.
I just wanted to call to find out what my plan paid as far as an eye exam and if I was eligible for glasses and the representative looked it up and was very helpful.
I had to call you yesterday so that I could be enrolled today.
One time I called and the computers were working slow.
I asked about the rewards program and she gave me the phone number.
I'm satisfied with what I got and I really don't have anything that I would change about the procedure I had to go through to get the information.
Well the call was perfect I got the help I needed.
The (unclear) mechanical when I called information wasn't given to me as she gave it to me today.
We went back over claims that had to be reprocessed because the doctor had billed Mr Cox incorrectly and she went through every one with me.
Well I didn't get to the information about my doctor.
The one thing you could've done better is I called when I was down in Florida to see who I could see for my pink eye condition.
Well I got a bill for two hundred and seventy five dollars.
So I think that could've been handled better since the representative had told me just to go ahead and go to the urgent care facility.
I was trying to get in touch with the Medicaid office in (unclear).
I'm waiting on a call back from UHC on this issue because she was unable to resolve it at that time I was on the phone with her.
We eventually got everything worked out it just took a long time to work through the process.
She did everything possible to get the information I needed.
Unless the information that she was looking for was given to her a little quicker.
And then he told her that I wasn't even listed with the insurance company.
She explained to me the things I did not understand on the phone.
She went an extra mile for me in researching what I needed.
I was trying to get an explanation as to why a claim was denied and that was not forthcoming.
The screw up on this claim was on the initial exam they failed to process it properly.
And I get people that are most I've had 3 calls and everyone of them they gave me 110 percent.
That's what you said you saved me but there was only one substitute for it and I had problems with it in the past.
Gave me everything that I need when I lost the call from the other person and the other guy never called me back.
The one thing that could've been done better was that this was resolved after my first one hour phone call with UHC.
This was my third phone call to get it resolved.
And she found out the things I needed to know who I can call.
Maybe just got me directly to Optum Rx.
I was just calling in to pay my bill.
I spent 45 minutes in the phone queue and nobody ever answered and then I called back and spent 30 minutes in the phone queue and nobody ever called back.
So then I finally had to call in and get a representative and get them to transfer me over to get somebody to renew my prescription.
Today's call was excellent and I (unclear) two calls and I had problems (unclear) the same thing.
I dialed it the second time to make sure that I didn't misunderstand.
She didn't have details until I prompted her for each item and the cost.
Unless you would just hook me up to the sales department so I could finish with my question.
I was told a few days ago that I would be.
They give me a lot of information that I was looking for.
And I went through the whole entire year without insurance.
And I was $800 out of pocket after all was said and done.
I got the help I needed and I didn't have to wait very long.
I just have to file the paperwork for the grievance.
Got the information that I needed thank you.
She had all the information I needed.
I checked to find out about the benefit for x-rays.
I had to tell her what page of the booklet it was in.
Number two I had to talk to 5 different people before I finally was given help.
I had to call back twice.
I got all the information I needed.
She went beyond after doing what was necessary to make sure that all my issues were taken care of even to the extent where we had a 3 way call with a 3rd party to make sure that we got that resolved.
We were cut off in our conversation and then I had to call again.
The phone was just not answered so I had to call back but that was the only thing.
Yesterday I called and switched my plan from the Symphonic's to the Preferred Plan and the salesman that I spoke to gave me a confirmation number and told me that I would be able to get my medication on that plan today the first of May and that did not happen.
I got an answer that I've been looking for for two weeks or two months.
He said that there was no one on staff that could assist me and I was told today that there's people.
As a matter of fact he reminded me to get a mammogram.
I called 3 times to get this information and the first girl was.
Both by phone and mail but I feel very comfortable.
I've been passed around from place to place and now it appears I've been cut off and sent to this survey.
We had everything fixed up over the phone and I'm very happy.
I was interested in finding out how much my co pay was going to be and all I got was percentages.
Yesterday I was on the phone for forty minutes for the same problem and it didn't get resolved.
The reason I'm calling now because I spoke to someone before Ida and she transferred me to a different place and I lost the survey.
Today was the first day I have actually gotten some answers to questions that I have tried to find the answers to last year.
They transferred me no one came onto the line.
I got the information I needed.
Gave me all my information I needed.
He explained everything and stayed on the phone while I was transferred to Optum Rx.
Well the information that I was given yesterday was not helpful.
I was talking to one of your representatives and got hung up or shot through to the survey.
I called to pay Ma's premium and the guy I talked to his name is Gerald.
Three previous representatives when I called said that I did not need to worry about the notifications I got of an impending late enrollment penalty and then I got a notice yesterday saying that it was in fact going to be enforced.
And so I was out when I picked up the bottle.
Went to bed about 11:30 and woke up at five.
I had to call twice to resolve my issue.
On this particular call I got the information that I needed.
I got the answers to my question.
I give you 10 10 10 and I guess on my key pad I put 1 0.
I just needed more information than what I received.
However I've had to cal three or four times because the I guess the device I needed no one could quite understand it.
So finally I finally got through after about 6 calls all day long.
I was having trouble talking to give the answers to the call that.
So then it transferred me over to a person.
the amount of time that I had to wait.
I'm happy to get the information I asked for.
Well I could've had the the card that they needed sooner.
So I'm going to call back once I get that information so I can finish the process.
And Sarah stayed on the phone until I got through every bit of it.
It was just that I got paperwork that shouldn't have been sent.
The first phone call I had with a gentleman I was left on hold for over 30 minutes.
When I first signed up for this plan I was told that my local hospital was in network and that was incorrect.
So this my rating is to give him an excellent rating because as soon as we were at this finish line (unclear) came up with all the information I needed on the nurse line again his name was Curtis.
My doctor's office was calling me back and I needed to hang up instead of doing the survey so I could talk to them.
The I ended up with one person in the east coast who didn't have the information she transferred me to someone on the west coast who was extremely helpful.
Whatever I was trying to find out I got it.
The 2nd time I called the next lady said to see the supervisor.
I was getting it's on the line I was getting like a little garbled sound when the customer service was talking to me.
Had I known that it would be saving me at least a months worth of time.
But when I did it with your rep on board they came up fine.
So I am not sure if I had done something wrong or if there was a problem with the website.
I fall and my surgery's been rescheduled for the 17th.
Sent it to the doctor's office told me exactly what to do.
Well the representative explained to me what I needed to do.
So I had to call back twice within 10 minutes.
So I had to call again and I've probably wasted 3 to 4 hours trying to get a resolution of this problem.
I just wanted an answer about me having my test but it has to be 48 hours before I can (unclear).
I was being assisted really well but I was on hold so long the call was lost so just if they would ask for a call back number then they could give us a call back.
she got information for me.
I had to call more than once because I got disconnected.
The one thing I could've done better for myself was call earlier in the evening.
And the gentleman that helped me was very thorough about making sure that I got ID numbers that I needed for the new program that I'm going to be under for my gym card.
Except for the print out came out and showed that we had a medication ordered but we never picked it up.
I asked her to send me (unclear) for my insurance.
And so I had to call them and make the payment.
They gave me all my information I needed.
I would have appreciated having somebody notify me that the order had been canceled and why.
Talking slower and a little bit more clearly because I had a hearing impairment.
I have all the information I need.
She took the time to call and find out about my problem.
I waited about 30 seconds probably.
I was lucky to get her on the phone today.
And told me why the pharmacist had to find it.
And they could have just worked with me more and stayed on the line why I called the pharmacist.
And your people got it corrected within three hours.
I got the information I wanted and that's the main thing.
And when I called back and that was immediately.
I don't know of anything because I only asked for numbers for a dentist and she gave me quite a few.
I have to wait for someone else to call me back.
I got what I wanted to find out.
I called someone else yesterday.
They could've sent me to another department but the representative actually put me on hold got the information I needed and assisted me.
On the second call that I made today I had a representative.
She gave me all of the information that I needed.
But I tried to get the information on a call previous to that.
It was no problem and it made it very easy to take care of everything I needed.
I've been on the line for 36 minutes holding for them to get back with me and I finally got cut off.
I'm not really sure except that the offer to give me something free of charge when I first called in delayed my getting to the representative Bill who answered my questions totally wonderfully and perfectly.
I was calling about a payment and you explained everything to me.
I had (unclear) and I was on the telephone some on hold for an hour and a half yesterday and got nothing resolved.
I went last November and I have an appointment today in May and I was turned away unless I wanted to give them $300.
She went above and beyond to provide information that I needed.
I was 100% satisfied so I have nothing negative to report.
They gave me the information I needed so I'm happy.
Then I do it verbally and not all of the numbers are received correctly.
The first person I talked to which was the computer told me that my healthcare had expired in 2010.
It worked out fine and it saved me about $150.
I have all the information I was looking for.
So I like to have my bill sent to me on the first of the month.
Me and my husband I need to call another number they said.
He started (unclear) discount prices would be in effect next month and he started talk about $400 for something and I never did understand exactly what he was saying.
If my records had been noted when I received a call from UHC.
I was asking to resolve my insurance problem.
I got the answers that I needed.
Was unhelpful at all so I had to call back a second time.
We had a hard time getting the dental part to agree that I was covered.
Gave me all the information I needed.
I say that the service I received was fantastic.
And I'm on the phone 1 being the worst I had to quickly hit 10.
I got all the information I needed on this one call.
I initially called the customer service number regarding a prescription he refused to answer any questions.
Had no knowledge of an email I was inquiring about.
I've got 25 years myself with sales.
I ended up asking for a supervisor and I got onto this instead of a supervisor which really was crappy because now I guess I have to call back and try to get a supervisor to fix my problem because Catherine did not know any of the information.
And that was the only problem I had today but then I was transferred to an operator who was most helpful.
But I did get cut off and I had to call back in but if that's the worst problem I have to deal with I'm very satisfied.
Took a lot of time on the phone but we got it done.
She found out all my information and I can't say enough about her.
So I've been on the phone a little bit longer than I anticipated.
If you had up to ten I would give her a ten.
Apparently it was a missing check from January but I talked to (unclear) and it's been found and everything is fine.
She get me the information that I needed.
She was gonna call my doctor and we were gonna have a 3 way call and we got cut off.
I am not I'm at the start of my husband that I was calling about his bill.
They transferred me to talk to somebody about a blood glucose monitor and it went straight over to the survey.
I got the number but not a name that someone could actually talk to.
I was given two providers and when I contacted them I found out that they do not take dual complete and one of them was an appointment that I had today.
So on one of the calls y'all tried to give me the survey before I talked to anybody.
She went to search for the information and never came back.
The problem I did have the first time I called I got.
I got disconnected so I had to call back again.
I was trying to give my date of birth and it disconnected me.
I received the information I needed.
I've had it for quite some time as you can tell and I switched from another reputable company.
And that was what I was needing to know in order to figure out how much I would be out of money.
The one thing that could've been done better was for my dentist to be told that he was in network.
She took all the time that I needed.
The information that I was asking about apparently no longer existed.
I had to ask questions several times to understand.
She got the information that I requested.
The agent I got didn't seem to be able to transfer me to a department that she referred me to.
I was on hold once I talked with a rep for about 10 to 15 minutes.
I've got to do my part now as soon as I get my papers from you.
I was on hold for 15 minutes and then I was disconnected and sent to you.
She took care of the problem even though I've called two or three times before this.
The service I received from Alyssa was 100% what it should be.
You could have had somebody answer me after I stayed here on the phone for 20 minutes and then went into the survey.
Even sent the in-network letter to him telling him I wanted to be a patient.
It was a call prior to day last Friday that was the issue and I didn't get the text that I was supposed to get even though I sent the confirmation to it.
When the supervisors keep promising to call me back.
I got the information that I needed from the gentleman about the shingles shot.
I wish when I phoned the toll free number I was able to get through with a speaking representative.
Perhaps an email with a summery of options I might have would've been valuable.
I got my answers to my questions.
And she put me on hold and talked to the company where I received the chest x-ray in Pleasanton California.
I would like to have spoken with a representative took four five phone calls before I got to the person that helped me.
All he did was told me about preparation of what I need to do for colonoscopy.
I was on the phone for about an hour with Ron and he was trying to connect me with a survey and the phone just went dead.
The agent gave me additional information that I didn't even ask for.
only I had to wait for was the computer to boot up because it was updating when I called.
I got all information that I need.
A previous call I had she got going off.
the girl that going off on my payments and it was uncalled for.
I called about another problem and she looked.
And the only time that I had filled out any forms was when I was joining it.
Well you gave me all the information I needed.
The first time I tried to call this morning I got the same recording time after time after time which was most annoying.
Earlier this morning I called and got some names of some Gynecologists in my area.
I've been put on hold and I get a survey when my problem has not even been addressed.
I've been trying to pay my policies since the first of this month and I have not had any success.
today it took me 15 minutes just to get through fitness advantages.
I had to call you 4 different times in order to get him.
I have a question and so far I have not had any person on the line to explain my concern.
The first call I made back last March about getting a (unclear) set on my insurance the woman said I'm all set don't worry about it.
I have no problems whatsoever with the phone call that I just spoke to someone at Symphonix.
It was the only time we ever had a call and needed health care.
I give her the gold star today we're traveling to the State of Maine for the Summer and she had to change our address and I had other questions that I needed asked.
I just notified them that I was going to travel.
Latissa handled everything I needed.
I just got one bit of misinformation when somebody said I did not need a referral when I did.
Probably not had the computer to answer me in a in the initial conversation.
She took care of my problem right away.
A lot that I didn't know before and maybe she needed a better explanation before I had to call and get it.
It was my fault to be a little bit late on the payment but it's taken care of now and I appreciate it.
He fully understood took my payment over the phone I'm relieved because I had forgot to pay it last week.
You could have waited until after I spoke to a representative before giving me the survey.
I've called her before and they said like I lost my bill and I need another bill.
So I was kind of upset about that when I could have made the bill on time.
You know received the information that I called about almost immediately.
I don't know if I accidentally entered one or entered ten on the first question.
I just put 9 on the last because I don't know until I've actually secured what I was calling about.
I got the address of a doctor that I needed to get.
A certain kind of doctor here in town and (unclear) number when she asked for where I live.
They could not find one while I was on the phone.
There's nothing I was calling to see about the price of a medication and I got the information I needed.
I needed my mother's ID number and Monicia was able to give that to me with no problem.
I got through right away on the telephone and wasn't put on hold.
And I have to make repeated calls and repeated calls.
I received incorrect information the last time that I called.
I was all set would not have to pay for May.
I had just updated my expiration date was all.
They answered my question which was the nature of the reason for me call.
I was a little hesitant about calling to see what my benefit plans were especially when the office told me to do.
And the call dropped off before I could give a survey.
You could have approved the claim and not hung up on me when I was trying to have a conversation with your representative.
I received all the information I was seeking and so you get an A plus today.
I didn't have to pay for lab work and now I do and it went from $6.
I had to call back back a second time because the phone answering.
I got disconnected from your service and I called back and I was still in queue so that was good.
I was transferred a couple of times and the connection got worse and worse as it was transferred.
I go through my book or who sold this to me and she gives me some answers but I want official answers.
I didn't get any response of anybody after 6 minutes so I hung up and called back and said I'll take the survey.
Everything was answered and I was also given another test I could do medical test.
Insurance papers were filed for a friend that I helped and in March.
And we have no heard a word since on the claim called it in called in again they said they'd get back to us by the end of April.
I had to make 6 phone calls to try to.
Jason in retirement helped me with getting the answer I needed on my pharmacy appeal.
I wanted the pharmacy appeal department and I never got to that department.
Jason looked up the pharmacy appeal that I had a question about and he took the time to look up my account and find the answer I needed.
So I found out what I needed to know what my doctor needed to do.
I asked if they had the letter on file where they sent.
She gave me the information I needed to make a decision.
I pressed the 1 by accident so I inadvertently put 1 thinking it was good so 10 10 10.
But this Steven took me through it and after about 40 minutes on the phone everything is fine now.
I have to say that everything was fine once I got to the right website.
Yes I just spoke with a one of the agents a representative a Mary Ellen and I've been on the phone with her for about 35 or 40 minutes.
No I had called and they I just didn't like that they switched me to different numbers all the time.
My issues were taken care of each time and I really have no suggestion for improvement.
But there was a previous person that the doctors office spoke to that gave them completely wrong information.
The other callers were very impatient and kept me on hold at one point for 45 minutes at a time.
I put it in four times sorry and it was 03/05/1945.
I was calling to find dentists that were under.
She was not able to get in touch with them.
Is every other time that I've called in I was unable to take the survey because one I was.
I had told her what my problem was.
I got the response I needed.
I was on the phone for about 40 minutes instead of a 15 minute call.
Everything went fine with the phone call I had today.
(Unclear) took care of everything I needed there.
I had to stay on the phone for a long time.
I know she's trying to help me but I have an appointment and I think I was more than half an hour on the phone.
I got the information that I needed and no waiting on the phone which is appreciated.
I got the information I needed.
I got all the information that was required.
a female that in the middle of the conversation decided the conversation was too complex and simply said hold on and put me on hold and when it came back on it had been transferred to another representative.
She found help for me and I'm going to contact the folks she recommended and go from there.
And at the end of the conversation I just got transferred to the survey so I don't know if my issue was resolved.
The one thing that sort of got me off guard was about papers being filled out from UHC.
I went through about 6 calls before I got the right person that could help me.
You get 3 questions I answered 3 questions.
At this point nothing because the office I needed had already closed.
I had someone call me up and tell me I had not completed my screenings and that they wanted to have do another screening check like that I do in the beginning of the year and I wasn't sure if it was on the level or not.
Whereas previously I had tried to do that before and I was given the wrong information.
I had to call twice today after holding for a few minutes and going through the pushing the buttons I was cut off and had to call back and hold again.
I always change my address when I.
And it was quite disconcerting when I received my mail saying that I had been discontinued because they couldn't reach me.
I initially was trying to find register my husband on the website and I got transferred to several different places but never got any response.
I called back a second time and the young lady finally told me that y'alls system was down and it will not be back up for 48 hours.
So my issue is is that why wasn't I told that before I stayed on the line for a half an hour or more.
There was not a thing wrong with the service I had from the representative.
I could hear conversations to other patients while I was on the line with my representative.
I asked last week that that be checked correctly and instead they sent me bills for the.
So I was hoping somebody like a supervisor or somebody maybe could call me back and tell me what the question means so I can finish filling out the survey.
We were cut off and I had to call back and go through the phone maze a second time.
I called in a refill on April 29th last week and talked to (unclear) who told me that she was sending refilling my prescription and was sending it overnight.
I needed information about AARP and I received it very easily.
So far I have never I was never in need of any information.
So she told me to contact my doctor's office.
My fist representative I talked to was Sheryl at the UHC I guess the main number and she was able to explain to me that she had to transfer me over to the rewards plan representative and that was fine.
I mean this person just now she had to put the headset on before she got on.
The first time I called it was a recording.
I gave my birth date and then I was connected.
I got all the information I needed.
The gentleman was very clear and everything was settled and I'm just waiting for my letter with the application in it to receive compensation for ordering new eye glasses.
You could have not transferred my call and then the call was dropped.
There's twice that the call I was being transferred to another department and the phone just went blank.
I got the survey while I was waiting for someone to come on the line.
I still have not gotten to that other department that I need so I guess I got the call back and I go through this whole process of getting to the right person.
I paid 80 dollars out of my own pocket.
I got all the help I needed.
I was on the line for over 30 minutes and I still have no information and no answer to the question that I had today.
It was a short wait time and I have no complaints.
I was on hold for 30 minutes today.
And I couldn't do it on the computer to get to you so I had to call.
Quick service I was on the phone for almost an hour for something that really should have been handled within 30 minutes.
And I was calling to see if I had to get another one.
one day I found (unclear) in 2018 that someone helping me out he had the full knowledge of the problem.
Before I went a year and three months because the answer was no.
there were two calls where I couldn't even get through because the reception kept breaking up and I wasn't hearing anything.
I've been on the phone for about 30 40 minutes just to report that I had a physical.
She gave me the phone numbers I was looking for.
I got the information and the help I needed.
I've been asked to take surveys and hung on the line for anywhere between five and ten minutes (unclear) never come out so I need.
Got all my information I needed.
I was have been on the phone about a almost two three hours trying to get a shower chair.
She got it done taken care of for us in about thirty-five forty minutes.
You disconnected me before I got a chance to finish my order.
Everything was fine and I said that I did not fill out any papers.
So in the last six months I did fill out papers.
The waiting period between being transferred to the department I needed was extended and just seemed too long it took like 5 minutes.
Not dropped my call while I was waiting for information that would have helped.
One is showing up but connected to a different hospital than what I had requested.
I got all my information.
I was waiting for the agent to call one of the other doctors and lost the call and it just went.
I got the answers to everything I wanted.
I called in like four times on my vision.
Gave me the insurance I was looking for.
Well I requested a list of doctors in my area in South Milwaukee and (unclear) and I never received them.
I requested this on April 20th and they said I would get it in 7 to 10 days and I haven't heard anything yet.
When I called I had to be transferred 3 times before I could get any help.
And that was a separate call because I had to redial the number again.
You sent me something I sat down to call and sign up for automatic drug.
After I got the phone call everything went smooth.
Within a few weeks there we received another call from Minnesota to call and try to get it straight.
I had to tell my ID number four times.
She asked me to do a short hold and it was an.
I was on hold for an hour.
The lady's name was Camilla and she put me on hold 2 or 3 times (unclear) called my doctor.
And I got on and off the phone with him in no time.
Actually nothing they gave me the information I needed.
So that I don't have to sit on the phone for a half an hour.
I can never get through to the pharmacy.
Kansas of course tried to help and then I was transferred to other people who were.
And I called in because I worked at Blue Cross for 30 years.
And I called in to tell him something that was on his claim from there that had been denied.
Maybe you could've accessed the information quicker but she was thorough and complete.
a month ago when I called to have this done.
The girl said she took care of it all and that I just needed to make an appointment after May 1st.
She was trying to look up information.
So I had no information from her that did me any good.
I called for the medical and they were able to provide me all the information I needed for the dental.
Well I had and image to verify that I was a human.
I was provided promptly with the information that I requested.
I needed the cost of a medication and I got it and that was (unclear) my call and the gentleman was delightful.
You give me all the information that I needed and what I have to do to try to get better hearing aids and I will follow through on what I was given.
When I first called in trying to get information the teleprompter or whatever you call it was very unhelpful.
My phone was acting up when I pushed my buttons to register ten.
I wanted to register ten on every one of your questions.
Unfortunately today I had to call several times to find out what I really needed to know.
they had told me that they had a colonoscopy prep kit.
When I go on there's several claims indicate they have been paid.
However I tried to call before I spoke with Carol.
And so when it was denied the second time when I tried to renew it and get it a second time it was denied.
She took a long time looking for information and could not seem to find it.
It seems that every time I had to call two or three times before I get someone who is capable who is professional and who is competent.
I was not asked to repeat data that I've already given.
I couldn't have been on the phone more than a couple of minutes and accomplished exactly what I needed to accomplish.
Only thing I wanted was an explanation of what was paid for a visit to the dentist.
I got exactly what I wanted information from a person.
And the only problem I have in the beginning was a wait time until she was able to come on the line.
I got my answers I wanted.
She gave me the information of what I should do about where I should call.
It would be a lot easier if we could just take our prescriptions to the people and get our wheelchairs that way instead of having to make all the phone calls we had to make to find out when where and what to do.
She got a ten and I may have put one hashtag where it should've been ten.
Finally the last time I called someone they got the information right but my wife has never gotten her package.
Except if you drove me to the doctor.
So I don't know what department that was but customer service was perfect.
The lady tried to help me for about 45 minutes.
I asked to speak to someone in billing.
I got the addressees I need it for eye care.
I think I just needed more information in order for the girl to help me out.
I just needed more information to get the right answers that I need.
I got the answer I wanted so everything is fine.
Other than that everybody else has always gone out of the way and even called me back when they found other information out.
But other times that I've called I got different information from different people every time I called.
I was looking for a place for an optical where they sell glasses and I was given Optomologist number.
Was to tell me where I could buy the glasses.
And I had to wait since January 25th to get all the information.
And I finally received it 2 weeks ago but thought I was missing some information.
When I was being transferred to the dental department it took a while.
I was transferred to a wrong department and then back to customer service.
Other than that I got all my answers questions answered.
That's what I needed was a chiropractor and a phone number.
Well the first person I talked to gave me the wrong telephone number.
And but the second person that I when I called back gave me the correct telephone number.
I got the information that I needed.
The wait was long but I was told that they were experiencing delay.
She went out of her way to find a telephone number for me.
I got my information that I called for.
This is the first second time I've had to call for it and Melissa assured me it would be here within a week.
Well I was sent around to about 4 different people before I finally got someone who could help me.
When I went to renew they told me that the city of Coral Springs had approved the agreement with Optum and that I should call Preferred to get some information regarding the their approval.
I got all my information and clearly.
I don't really want to tell you guys how to run your business but Brandon answered my questions promptly and I got the information I needed.
The prescription that the doctor ordered could have been filled in a timely and it could have been cheaper.
I got my answers promptly and courteously.
I got my questions answered and they went.
I got all the information I need.
I did not get the response I needed from the representative.
I don't know what number I was suppose to give the gentleman I spoke to because I don't have any no number that I gave him was the correct number so I'm at a loss as to what I should have had (unclear) should have had to show the drug store.
They gave me the information that I needed.
Well I don't know if this is on your end but I had to call a second time because the first time I called it cut me off and I had to call again.
I got my own dial tone after awhile.
It was still a little foggy to me and I'm going to go through my physician and it was suggested.
Everything was fine but when I was transferred over to somebody to help me the first time through the line went dead and I had to redial.
I just got cut off before the call was finished.
Unfortunately the system was down in the area he tried to transfer me to.
But he then tried to even get answers to my questions.
This particular call had to do with a bill that I had received that was.
So when my son went in for his first time he wouldn't have been embarrassed by them saying they that he didn't have the program from December 2017.
I was put on hold and I waited and then the survey talk came on.
I got everything I needed.
Gave me all the information I needed.
I made 2 phone calls and the first one I was cutoff in the middle of the phone call.
I got the information I needed.
and I pushed for 10 I pushed 1 0.
I was looking for coverage and found out that I don't have any.
It took me 3 minutes with your automated system to get where I needed to be.
Answered all my questions and gave me an exact direction to follow through getting the refills that I need.
Evelyn did a great job in getting my appointment from (unclear) in which they have given me wrong information and I had to cancel the appointment.
My last call I spoke with (unclear).
Contacted me before you changed my doctor.
I received the information I was looking for.
But he asked that I (unclear) fine to a primary person to talk to that I didn't (unclear) I hung up before he could give it to me.
Not kept me on waiting so long for the claims department.
I was satisfied 100% with the information that I got.
You answered the question I needed to find the answer to.
Yes the first time I called the information I was given was incorrect.
I called for help and the help was already there.
It was the second call the first time I called it was transferred and had an open line but nobody was there.
So I eventually hung up and redialed and got on through just fine.
I had to go through 2 representatives before I finally came to the third representative that did my bill accurately.
until the resolution of my problem and she gave me the best resolution that I could ever hope for.
I was given accurate information as far as I know.
Where if you could have transferred me to the person that had been helping me that I talked to several times we probably would have had everything taken care of quicker.
Really meant the help and answered all my questions.
I was just on the phone for well over an hour.
I finally got so disgusted I got off the phone.
Representative had to do more research that was it.
I could give them the information.
I got all the information I needed.
It's the best time I've ever had with someone getting all the information I wanted.
I got quick prompt service and my issue was resolved.
More people on the Coordination of Benefits team so I could have talked to them today.
Well I was confused for when I needed to go to my doctor and sign a paper.
But the lady helped me out and told me I needed to go there and sign it so I can get transferred over.
I mean I had like five issues and she handled each one with out having to transfer me to anyone else.
I was on hold for quite a while and I was transferred from one department to the other but ended up resolving it.
When they transferred the call to Health Innovations they didn't know and had to look it up.
So I had to stay on the phone.
She is reaching back to the doctor's about covering getting our plan and will be getting back to me as well on Wednesday.
The person who answered the phone could've known the answers in stead of having to go find out and then come back to me which took quite a long time about 5 minutes.
Invited me to call back if I struck out.
I was on the phone for 23 minutes.
But I stayed on this phone one hour and 55 minutes.
And she told me when she was going to mail it out.
I thought the issue had been resolved a week ago and I received a letter today indicating that the issue was not resolved a week ago.
I had to call back because I was waiting for the connection.
When I can call for rewards.
The gentlemen give me all the information that I needed and anything I asked I had the correct information.
He had to go looking for it on the computer.
Finally got to the agent and he was fine.
Last week I called on the same matter and the person said they would call me back and never called back.
I had to pick up some medicine and I thought it as terribly high.
And I got cut off twice before I was able to get to a representative.
And it could've been my phone reception when I was talking to the agent.
She tried to get a hold of the person I asked for who was not at the job today.
So I hung up and called back.
You could've finished the conversation I never got any information from the agent because this survey came in on our conversation.
So I never got any information from him.
The customer service lady found me an eye doctor right up the street.
I needed the names of some family practitioners and he gave me 3.
The last time I called in I got 2 and both of them were outdated.
Just that the letter I received had accurate information.
I got the answer to everything I needed.
So apparently I've been on the phone for an hour trying to log in and I haven't been able.
I could have talked to the agent sooner without using.
I got everything I needed.
Well I'm gonna see the doctor again and she said to call back.
Such a long time with the robot before I got to where I needed to go.
Looked up information for me and explained the situation very thoroughly.
And gave me the information I needed.
The first call that I made I had to go through a phone tree.
she got no patience of helping me an I got the wrong laboratory department.
I have the information I needed.
But if everything had went as planned on April the 30th I would not had to make a call today.
I have no (unclear) we were treated and got the information we needed.
She found out the information I needed.
I was a little more specific when I explained that I needed to have UHC tell me who to go to than I was on my earlier call where I got the information that I thought was necessary but turned out to be a little bit off and prompting me to have to call a second time.
As it happened you couldn't have done anything more for me because with my inquiry to Megan the lady I was speaking to required her to call the hospital system and they were closed for the day.
We also got the passport and I got the reference numbers very quickly and I'm hoping that everything works out.
Although I was not able to get any (unclear) that I was calling for (unclear) the address that we have.
I got all my answers.
I got probably twenty five percent of what she was saying.
No changes everything was answered to all of my questions.
And then she still said I had to enter my number.
They were telling me that my plan was temporary when it wasn't.
I wanted to know how much my what $168 was on my bill.
There really isn't one thing I could say that (unclear) done better because I got all my information very quickly and to the point.
She called the hospital and put me on hold.
Solved my problems and gave me all the answers I needed.
It didn't take just a few minutes and I was satisfied with this call just like I was the last time I called y'all.
the agent handled it the way it should have been handled.
I pressed a 2 instead on the last question and I should've pressed a 4.
I got the information I needed.
I've had customer service reps go in depth into research to answer the question I needed answered.
So this 30 day process is what let me to give it a eight instead of a ten but as far as the transaction the conversation between myself and your representative it was clearly a ten.
The first response is incorrect because I hit one pound instead of one zero for ten.
She done her best but we couldn't find the information I needed about the doctor at the VA in (unclear) Tennessee.
Everything (unclear) got the information I needed.
Since I had a specific question concerning a referral service and I was answered promptly friendly and professionally.
I needed a different plan and I got this plan and I'm not very happy with it.
I've been switched around 4 times and this time I got the survey instead of the department I was supposed to be connected to.
but she's got all the information and there was nothing more she could do.
The customer service did everything that I asked.
I think I've been on the phone for 15 minutes.
But this lady named Mya she took the time to try to get all the information for me.
Which my doctor's office actually called in the meantime so I was able to get that.
Proof of cancellation that I was going to fax.
Today was perfect but this is the fourth time I've called trying to get a catalog and the other three times of course they were at night but.
The first one I was put on hold or transferred and it didn't go through.
Gave me all the information I need and (unclear).
I was waiting to get to speak to a customer service about what I really wanted to call about.
He took the time to explore my issue to make sure that he was giving me an accurate answer.
I got my question answered it's just I couldn't get it resolved.
I don't know how I got the survey and I haven't completed my call.
She looked up a lot of information for me.
He transferred me to customer service who wanted to re enroll me and I told them I needed to talk to somebody.
And I was told a month ago it was sent and it never arrived.
Today I called again because the service is to start tomorrow and the same thing happened.
You answered all of the questions I needed to take care.
She said that they would call me back probably so I'm just going to wait for the phone call then.
Well I was calling to get some information on a prescription about paying for it and I was cut off.
She called my doctor on the office and nobody answered (unclear) lunch.
Let me reach the representative that I was dealing with yesterday.
he stood on the phone explained it to me.
They didn't have the information I needed to set up my question.
I couldn't get the information I was looking for but I understand that and we'll call back later.
That went on four or five times before they finally realized it wasn't going to work and hooked me up with a live person.
She helped me get logged on and with no problem at all.
They answered my questions just fine.
I haven't been home in 7 days in the last 4 months.
telling me I got my medicine at 4 in the morning.
When I was talking to a representative we got cut off.
So what I received for information has been helpful.
She went far beyond what I needed in order to get what I needed.
I accidentally hit the pound sign instead of 0.
I've had trouble (unclear) getting a claim that was done on January the 4th and for some reason the claim was never submitted.
I was unable to reach the doctor's office trying at least four or five times.
They answered all my calls and give me all the information I needed.
I was on hold for an hour and thirteen minutes.
And she asked for help when she needed it.
The your agent called the physician and tried to square this away.
He informed me of all the information's according to the questions that I asked.
I took it off mute and said I was gonna give you a good review if you transferred me to the survey.
You were able to help me although I had called five times.
So she called told me to call tomorrow and try to see if she's there.
I called for vision benefits and it would've been nice to not have to repeat my identifying information with everybody that I talk to.
It would've been nice if you didn't loose my form that I sent in and notified me that they didn't get it after I had made a long phone call with the insurance company.
But it seemed like it took a long time to complete the transaction she had so many records to go through.
Just made it a little clearer when you were transferring my call.
It took me three or fours tries before they finally gave me an option of calling the representative.
I wish my mind was put at ease because I thought it was a prank call that I had gotten previously registering us for a physical with a doctor.
This representative Jacob was able to send me what I needed today.
You could've paid for the gear I needed.
So I was told to call other people about it during a business day tomorrow so.
So I was starting from scratch with the person I was talking to today about a problem that went back as far as January the 30th.
And she assured me that I would be getting a new card.
I got all the answers I needed.
I was just calling to see if my physician was in the group.
I mean service was I got to the person very quickly.
I didn't call to take a survey.
I called to talk to people about changing my address.
I got all the information that I needed.
The call was perfect I got the information I needed.
I was waiting for an answer and I didn't get it.
And the only thing we resolved try back in a couple days and I still got the same problem.
There was no information on the message that I received about what the call pertained to so I'm not sure.
I was transferred five times and the last person just didn't give me an answer and just transferred me to this survey.
My initial call had me on hold for 45 minutes without someone responding to me.
The only thing that could've been done better was had the previous phone call been handled by Raymond.
I tried to get to talk to a customer service but I stayed on hold and then the survey came in.
My dental rider was canceled in spite of reassurance from a previous customer service call and I just wished that in that interlude I hadn't had to have anxiety about whether it would be caught up.
It looks like if I could get my bills on time or a little sooner.
Gave me all the information I needed.
Nothing really what I ended up with was information to call back for so that worked out fine.
But since the computer is down and was not working she was not able to resolve my situation.
I might wind up with two books because Nicole who I spoke with just to be on the safe side she's sending me out another one.
At this point just the survey came on and no one came on to take care of my problem.
You gave me the information I needed.
I was transferred to several departments before I got to the right person and like I wish I had.
The best thing they could've done better for me is have the right answers at the right time on the first call.
So it did take a long time I was put on hold four or five times and again I believe it was because of a computer problem you were having.
I got all the information that I needed.
But I will give a call tomorrow and they said I was promised that I would get the information.
She checked everything for me.
I called again in April and said it would be taken care of.
I called earlier but I had to call back due to myself not due to UHC and Aiesha was perfect.
I was able to get the nurse scheduled to come by and do a house visit.
And she also got me set up with house calls.
Got wrong information and that's why I had to call back and the second time I got Mary which was really much more helpful.
I called to find out who could fill glasses and I thought that there was a provider list of where you could get your prescriptions filled.
So I got no answer and she scheduled a call back on Friday.
It took a very long time because the customer service representative said it wouldn't go through.
It's just in the past I have had some uncertainties about the information that was given But today I was.
And hopefully I will get my packet in the mail that I've been anxiously awaiting.
I got the information I wanted.
The computer froze up and so it took quite a while to get the information but outside of the the agent was wonderful.
She's been calling me back and I get transferred to different numbers.
When I tried to do ten it counted as one.
It didn't do the zero so that's why I pushed nine for it to register because the person who helped me was very good at satisfying my questions.
And then I asked about a D 3 panel in my blood test panel and Kaylie could not answer that question.
The representative treated me just fine and gave me the information I needed and in terms of the question that you ought to be asking (unclear) if you owned a call center.
Helped with me right away and gave me the information that I needed.
giving me the answers to the questions that I asked.
It took over 2 hours to get this issue resolved.
So I was unable to get the information that I needed about network pharmacies online as the letters indicated.
I got everything I needed.
First of all I spoke with a Kamisha today and I didn't stay on the phone long enough to do a survey on her.
What appointment I needed to make or if I had made it.
The first 3 times I was hung up on or disconnected.
She gave me the information that I needed.
There's some information missing and I was referred to call someone else by the person I spoke to.
I had a simple question of a number of days I could have in physical therapy.
I did press 1 but one time I pressed 2 and I meant to press 3.
They told me that the lab he said he's pretty sure that the lab is in the network and I can go there.
I was returning a call to take an assessment and the gentleman referred me transferred me to a number that was not in service.
I'm standing in the Sam's Club where 2 or 3 days ago someone at this number told me that I had eligibility and that Sam's would be the place to go or one of the suppliers.
I've stood here in this store for 27 minutes on hold and the first 15 minutes the person would come back every 2 3 or 4 minutes and say just a few more minutes.
I wish I had Silver Sneakers on my form there in my policy.
I asked for a agent in the California area and I was you don't have one.
We paid 230 last time on the first time and that was because we had to.
A few days ago they gave me a list of people that I could go to.
And so Lawrence Township was the closest we can go with a data problem not the person who's doing it and the it's hard for it was hard for him to scan through and find something in Princeton.
But I want to mention Jo did a real good job on a previous call when I decided not to take the survey.
They answered every question I needed.
Faxed it in on April the 10th and I just now got the authorization by calling in again.
I had to call up there twice.
It kept cutting off before I finally got to a live person.
I made one call 33 minutes ago.
It turned out that the hand doctor that I was going to the bills were being sent to the wrong place.
I was told that I have an indefinite period of time to wait to determine whether or not the issue was resolved.
On the other hand the first time that I attempted to use the automatic telephone it dropped me and it was six minutes before I realized that the automated system had dropped me.
But when I called last week the three different people that I spoke to had no clue of what they were doing.
And I kept explaining to them that I was in the plan.
Went through everything with me and explained the appeals to me.
Gave me all the information and I'm so happy that I got him as the representative today.
I spoke to someone a month ago and I had no deductions in April and I'm expecting a deduction in May.
The phone got disconnected and that was totally out of her control.
He had to put me on hold it took him a while to look up the information.
I called in response to a advertisement I received in the mail.
It was just that they didn't have the insurance that I was looking for.
But she kept bugging me about did I get my annual wellness check.
But and that's why I had to make the phone call for my.
I could not have asked or I could not ask for any better service than I received from Janeka today.
It took me a time to get through to a person because they couldn't understand my accent.
I do feel that it was misleading to ask me if I would be willing to do a one question survey and there were 3 or 4 questions on that survey.
she had two or three different sites to go to and today it was much better.
Found the doctors I was looking for both in network and it was a pleasant call for a change and I appreciate it if you know whatever has been done.
Gave me all the information I needed.
They could've gotten back to me after I was put on hold.
Two weeks ago I called for a letter verifying what I spent on my prescriptions for the year for 2017.
I had to call again today and there was no record that I even called and I called the same day I spoke with someone from my regular supplement health insurance to get.
I got that letter but I did not get my prescription letter.
So I had to call back today and the girl.
that I didn't even ask for a letter when of course I did.
Taken care of it the first time I called.
Because when I called I really had a problem because when I initially.
I was connected right away to an agent and she was helpful within 2 or 3 minuets.
representative had to go looking and looking to find it.
And probably took 20 or 25 minutes to get all the information together that we were looking for.
You could have told me the name of the self administrated drug that was denied.
It was a pretty complicated problem I called with and I have reached my cap on pharmacy and I didn't even know I had such a thing so they were very helpful.
She gave me all the information I needed.
I got all my answers.
Be able to help me with what I actually requested on accident in order for me to be.
Every time I call I get the same positive results and keep it up.
You could've told me that it was a three question survey not a one question survey when I agreed to take the survey you said it was a one question survey but when I got to the survey you told me it was three questions.
Not cut me off when I was on hold with the first call that I made.
I was put on hold probably I would guess at least three times by the one person who had to look for information.
Anything it just takes time and you know luckily I had all the information and it was taken care of just-.
My wife should have been on my card.
I have to wait till open enrollment in October.
Well in some cases I had to have her repeat a number so that I understood it completely.
and I got an explanation and answers to my questions.
She saved me and saved me a lot of money.
or if I was ready to take a survey.
If somebody could give me a call back.
I had Betty about a half an hour ago and I had Mary at 10:45 Central Standard Time.
I got every answer I needed.
My phone was as high as it could go.
Is figured out what was going on with my account.
For me to go to the drug store and I'm not sure if I'm going to get it or not and I waited like 18 minutes on the line to get that information.
I just know that when I called there were all these various offers and stuff that was offered to me that I didn't really need to hear that when I'm calling just for medical information.
The email I received looked like it was in Chinese and I could not read it.
But then I redid it and it came back with a proper email.
I got a list of the doctors and I'm gonna call them and (unclear).
I got all the information I need right now.
The only problem I had was when it was asking for the birth date for me to key it in.
This was a follow up call that someone was going to contact me and they never did contact me.
I kept getting a notice saying that only one change per day and I would wait another day and it would still show up that way.
I couldn't have asked for a more complete answer to my question.
I had to talk I had to call twice.
The guy who was working with me hung on for hours I think while we resolved it through a number of different companies.
So I went on the web and found out what my choices were narrowed it down to the places near me and then called to see if there was a difference in the ratings and stuff.
I've talked to a girl who gave me all the information I needed and I called three times and couldn't get even one place that was close to my address to go to to have an ultrasound.
The only problem I had was when I gave my correct date it kept telling me it was incorrect and it wasn't.
I had two questions two problems she cleared them up both within two to three minutes.
The first time that I called if I had gotten the answer I got today.
Connect me with someone who when I call to report that I'm having surgery Tuesday.
And I wanted to report it to the insurance company.
One thing you could've done better was to have somebody who could answer my questions on the weekend when it was easier for me to call.
I got one that you put out earlier and it shows about one doctor in Monmouth.
I was locked out of my account and he sent me an email and I tried to get back in and I'm still locked out.
So there's no problems but I just found out the dentist thought there was something but there wasn't so I got what I got the answer I not the one I wanted but the right answer.
He gave me all the information I needed.
I called to find out if there was any transportation service for me to go back and forth to a doctor.
com and assisted me with some questions that I had asked.
She gave me four or five places I can call to set up an appointment and (unclear).
The only thing could've been done better is I could've been informed earlier what the true number is and who I had to speak to from the beginning.
I called at 3:40 Taneisha put me on hold and never came back and it is now 3:41 and here I am on the survey.
I wasn't clear on the information that was given to me about the services I asked for.
I had called previously and somehow the nurse was supposed to receive some kind of information but this is my second call.
The gentleman had my account number wrong to begin with but we got it taken care of.
I would have liked to have had a book mailed to me that had all the doctors for all the areas.
Sometimes there is confusion about service or I had called once to get.
But the representatives already told me the check done been cut and they would get it.
Well I was hoping that I didn't owe the copay of 25 dollars.
But he told me that since I had lab work done that day.
And I didn't know I had run out of insurance.
She didn't get all the answers because she has to check on something yet and call me back tomorrow.
I've called 4 times and I've waited over 4 weeks and I haven't got it.
I made one phone call right before my last one.
So I hung up and called back right back again.
I got all my answers.
I was trying to set up my log in.
And I have to wait about approximately 30 days or less to get results.
I got everything I needed.
I had something about a payment that was reimbursed to me.
I'm so frustrated especially since I've been on the phone with this lady for an hour and thirty five minutes.
She explained all my billing and assured me that everything (unclear) received in the mail were paid in full.
The last person she was going to call me at 2:00 to clear this up and don't pay it you won't go into collections and I wound up in collections.
I need that wheelchair before Monday morning and she did was she could from her desk.
It was previous calls (unclear) information that they were gonna send out to us.
But I was glad I was able to be transferred to a live person as quickly as it happened.
And the girls were not able to give me you know any idea of who the Mark pharmacist person is or how to locate him.
The first representative he did not know what he's talking about and he put me on hold for 15 minutes and then I got put in a loop and then just re routed to another representative to solve the problem.
Last week I spoke to someone who told me that it was because they were not aware of my coverage that my claim has been continuously rejected.
We had those before and I was able to go ahead and send my statements in 3 months at a time.
I was paying the full amount all this time and waiting to hear or waiting for a hard copy and something to tell me what amount I was to pay.
They said she said she's going to call get somebody to call and talk to the hospital directly.
The one thing you could have done better for me was solved the problem when I called two and a half weeks ago.
I just have to get some paperwork and send things out.
I got my husband a new well back to his old PCP and it worked just fine.
I would give the agent a ten if I could.
I had called before to have it mailed to the house but I called it was exactly 8:00 or five minutes to eight.
I had questions about in and out of network doctors.
I was on the phone for 15 minutes.
I even had a personal card from my last representative from my last phone call about a month ago so back in the last of February.
I just needed some information and received the answer to my question.
As the only ones I had were answered to my satisfaction.
I had to keep repeating the information to her.
It was really on my part that I learned that I should bring my id card every time I make such a call.
but he very nicely gave me the number to call the pharmacist.
I still have to make another call but anyway I appreciated it.
It's just I needed some more information about the materials I got and (unclear) looked into it for me and actually corrected something that we started without me having all the knowledge I needed.
I received a plan of a female girl about 200 miles away from me that I never met.
I would have will like to have the fitness health and fitness number with this call.
And he checked with the pharmacy and made a call on my behalf.
And she gave me the information I needed.
My first call I had to stay on hold for like 15 minutes or maybe a little more than that finally hung up called back and got a representative with in 2 minutes.
And I was on the phone with him and his supervisor for over an hour.
I was making a payment and we had no problems with it.
that I can give because my key pad only goes up to nine so my nine is actually my ten when I'm answering the questions about April who I thought did an exceptionally good job.
And their billing procedures were extremely complicated and dates were scattered all over their paper work so I couldn't figure it out.
When I requested to have the prescription plan added on it would have been done automatically for the first month it would have been easier but we have that straightened out now.
I was not eligible for over the counter items quarterly and he straightened me out whoever I talked to on the phone when I got the policy told me that there were no preferred pharmacies.
She gave me answers right away and I would recommend this program to anyone.
She kind of did ask a surgery and said it would be $295 and (unclear).
I had to wait 15 to 20 minutes on the phone.
I've had a couple things in the past that have not worked for (unclear) initially and I wanted it returned and I had to pay for it.
Because I don't remember ever getting authorization for me to pay it.
I didn't have any problems and the person helped me with an answer quickly and that's all there was to it.
I guess I just had hoped that I could access more myself on the internet which had nothing to do with the agent.
I was trying to find out how much I owed and.
Sold me a plan that I could use in the first place.
I get all the information I want to.
Helped me get the information I needed to obtain an MRI.
I got exactly the information I needed.
The telephone connection was not as good as I would like and my hearing is impaired so I had problems hearing the agent.
I did have a problem I got hung up when I called but I had to wait over 9 minutes to get flipped over to talk to an agent.
I was just the holding and the representative never came back on line.
The only thing I wish I had known whether my doctor's request for certain things had been authorized or not.
You could have not sent me this letter warning me that my insurance was about to expire.
So if I had received it I wouldn't have needed to make this call.
And that took time and I finally had to go back to the pharmacy to get them to call to do it.
I called with some information and I can't get in so I'm going to try another number they gave me.
I could get more into exactly what the expenditure on the list was I didn't.
So fortunately I got one but I was just surprised that it's not on the card.
I didn't finish my call before the evaluation came on the line.
And I was told it would be covered a hundred percent.
I had to call back a second time May 10th.
Once I got to the supervisor nothing could've been done better.
Before that I wasn't getting answers I wasn't getting material that I asked to be sent.
That took an hour and a half to work with me.
The office was closed that I was going to so no other information was necessary.
I was assured by your sales representative that my application was timely.
Been able to find the department that I needed.
Everything was fin we got it worked out we had to change an address but it's fine.
I just want my callus looked at which I can't manage at home.
Never told me that she was leaving never hung up so that I could do that survey so then I called back on my cell phone this call.
They gave me all the information I needed.
I realize after the fact the form I was looking at just now was from the ambulance company so it had nothing to do with you.
She was able to get that person for me.
She was able to get the manager for me.
Although while I was on wait I did go from music to a blank period and then the survey came on so I called back.
We were on the phone for several hours the process should be shortened.
It took me a long time to find the Optum Rx operator to speak with.
But overall I mean the customer service I received was excellent.
She gave me all the information I need.
If got it just at the pharmacy it would be the 60.
Had me on hold numerous times and in the end I did not get what I had requested.
And to ask to speak to a supervisor 3 times finally did she put me through to a supervisor.
I got my answer I needed.
Since it's on Saturday probably nothing much you could do about it because they were trying to find a check that I sent in.
She gave me all the ifnration I needed.
I'm a little disappointed in the coverage I'm getting based on the plan because I some things that were not clear to me when I signed up for the plan.
I had trouble using the website to make a payment so I called in but they took care of it.
properly and they told me what I needed to go do and then said if I needed help call back.
The fact that it went ahead and got my scooter right.
The first time I called I asked the lady to use my first name only because my last name is hard to pronounce.
I needed my Lightagin patches refilled and you guys denied it and then again denied it and then again denied it even with the appeal.
When I called the first time I got disconnected.
And the other would be don't disconnect me in the middle of the call and finish the problem it went straight to survey.
Well this is my second attempt to get a few questions answered on an event that I had last Sunday.
And both times I got disconnected and went to your survey in the middle of a call.
And she even gave me a reference number to go with the call that I made today so I would have it on file.
I got exactly the information I needed.
Was satisfied with the information that was given to me and it seems like everything was in order.
It's a little mistake that I made and I tried to clear it up.
The information I received was as fulfilling as it needed to be.
So they will honor the price that I paid in February.
You could've covered the bill that I was inquiring about.
Which is what I had to call to verify that it had been done.
The first time apparently in April when I called the person removed the flag but it was not a permanent removal.
answered my questions right away and resolved my problem.
I was asking if a crown was covered and he really couldn't tell me or he just kept reading off of the script or off of the benefit package.
And I wish that every company that I dealt with by phone had someone like her working for them.
And but I accidentally called your nurse line 8885671421 at first and all of a sudden out of nowhere it was interrupted by Spanish and I thought to myself that I got the wrong number.
He said the drug store would have to tell me.
I don't know if it was her phone or her voice.
Because last year I went to Walmart or year before last.
When I called in it said the waiting time was between 5 and 9 minutes and I waited 27 minutes and then I called back and the wait time that time was very short less than 5 minutes.
I just wanted to check on the (unclear) so I could get a break on the prices (unclear).
I have been on the phone for hours and hours since May 1st.
I got all the information I needed.
I received I called in my call was accepted within two minutes.
I got the information that I needed.
She gave me all the information I needed.
But I called at a premium time you know mid morning on Monday.
They gave me the information I needed.
I was returning a recording from UHC to call back and we did not find out the reason why they called.
The person that helped me went to great lengths to get to the bottom of the issue and the issue was screening for.
Well I had called about 3 weeks ago with the same issue and nothing happened.
Gave me all the information I needed plus.
I was on hold for 25 minutes and I thought they could have told me right away that they were unable to give me the answer I called for instead of using the broken record technique which was annoying that's it.
Not make me call three times to get to somebody who actually knows what they were doing and knew what they were talking about and address my question.
My call lasted less than 7 minutes so it was great.
It's miss Rosa here and I spoke with Trina regarding an appeal and I had to give the case number and everything.
It did answer my question so everything was taken care of.
We got on the same page and then he helped with a plan to go from an optometrist into a specialist as I grow older.
In fact I got more information that I needed today than what I had before.
she gave me the information I needed.
Every time I talk to an associate and have a question they help me and give me the answers that I need.
Everything was fine except for it's probably on my end the telephone I had a hard time hearing the person from time to time.
She kept me on the phone for about a half an hour when it didn't need to be that long.
I mean I got all the information I needed.
(unclear) for me to confirm that I had coverage.
I didn't have any problems with my call today and so I think everything was fine.
that prevented the assistant from getting me connected quickly with the answers that I needed.
Today I got a call from somebody that said that they were UHC.
The conversation exceeded what I knew I needed to do.
In the beginning I have difficulty trying to until I got a customer representative I had a problem trying to get what I wanted to.
However the customer said that she could not stay on the phone long enough and she suggested that I call the hospital and have them to call them.
So I canceled my prescriptions with them I had delays also.
I got all my questions answered and I'm getting my service I asked for.
They just didn't get to call me back so that I would know to go ahead and get a prescription.
I think your representative was spot on and I would give her if there was a rating of one to ten I would give her a ten.
All the paperwork wasn't sent that I needed.
They said they would send me one but I never got one.
Better late than never but I should've been helped that day and I wouldn't be having the fight to get my money back that I shouldn't have had to spend had you all stepped up when I called and done right by me to begin with.
I had an episode going back about a year or 2 years ago that I had a problem with someone giving me information.
you answered the question I had asked.
I received a phone call first and then I decided to call UHC to find out why I owed 75 dollars.
I may have pressed the wrong key but I was very satisfied at a 10 and if I need to have that corrected correct it.
I had to wait for a while before they get back with me.
They gave me two people I can call as soon as I get off the phone.
Had to wait several minutes while somebody else came on line to get information that was needed to complete the call.
The representative answered all my questions and going on from there.
I pushed the number one for the first question and that should have been a four.
But the one that I talked to before by the name of Richard in customer service he said that there was no coverage for Charles Courtney and which there is.
I was asking a billing question about my wife.
She answered them and gave me the procedure that I should follow from this point forward.
Well when I first went on the insurance I called up there to verify that UHC was trying to get a hold of me and I got a run around and I never did get the answer question.
I left on the survey May 11 that Friday May 12th I received my (unclear).
There was supposed to have been a form in there but then there wasn't a form I got my drug card.
When I put in for a reward for doing my annual wellness check today I put in the wrong date.
I was told twice that this was a.
The first time I called I was cut off.
When I called back the second time then satisfactory.
And I would have liked for her to follow up since she's the one I talked to to see if this was corrected.
I need to get back with Natasha to finish my question.
Christian was the one that finally solved that gave me all the information.
I got the information I needed.
Every problem was resolved above and beyond even a problem I didn't even know I had till I talked to Erica.
You could've accepted my payment months ago when I called to make it.
gave me the information I needed.
She went back and called the doctors office and found out that they did in fact accept it.
Well like I said they put me on hold and never got back to me and never gave me a call back and my search for a dentist is never resolved.
I had to ask for a supervisor in order to get the information I needed.
The first number I pushed a one I meant to push a four.
All I wanted was the address for the (unclear) and instead he just got a welcome package.
I didn't have that information in front of me.
Everything was fine except for the long wait on the phone but I'm sure that was necessary.
You know I was providing the information they asked for.
The one thing that I think could have done better is initially when I got into the phone system I had repeated myself several times my numbers to the recording.
And I had to put some numbers in and it was discouraging.
Took her like no time to find out the information I needed and I don't know how to improve over that.
I got my information and everything that I needed.
I got the information that I need.
A couple minutes but I got the right information so that's the main thing.
But I didn't mind the wait of a couple minutes to get the right answer to my question.
You've given me all the information that I need.
We went though the allegations that I have made against the neuro surgeon that backed out at the 12th hour.
And then referred me to some department where they had nothing at all to do with my question that's why.
or help me at all and took so much of my time.
I got all the information I needed.
I was calling for myself and I was also trying to get a sneakers card for my husband but I guess I'm not authorized to do that.
The one thing you could have done better for me was to let me know which pharmacy was in charge.
And then they sent me to Briova.
And I called last time they told me I was gonna get a credit of 72 dollars because I had paid 108 dollars and that wasn't good.
Today she tells me that I actually owed 108 dollars for July and August which I don't understand because I usually only get it one month.
I got all of my information I wanted and needed.
They just gave me information to call back.
However I have found that by talking to a representative they can look in the computer and see that I had called in.
The office is closed and they won't be open until tomorrow morning and we got to continue the conversation tomorrow.
not by you people but by a office visit I had in January.
I thought at first they were charging for his food that he had to order which was something different.
I had called because we received a billing that should've been for (unclear).
She gave me all the information I needed.
No but could've checked with what dates would be better for my first appointment but other than that everything went smoothly and I had an appointment I will be able to make it to.
I accidentally was cut off before I got to this part of the call.
When I was getting switched over to rewards I was waiting for a while and then my phone.
it just shut off and you told me how long the call had been.
Probably waited 10 minutes before I got transferred to the right place.
Gave me numbers that I needed for.
I need compression stockings and his name was Jamie and he helped me find those in my area.
(unclear) like I've been on the phone with them for over 30 minutes and hopefully I got the right information.
One I've nothing to say but (unclear) I got all the information I request.
I have to go to the pharmacy.
In the tech department I was connected to a lady that did hang up on me.
The agents should have explained to me my issues before I could.
I waited probably about 45 minutes to get a answer to the question I asked about did the caregiver get my approval for a procedure tomorrow for a pace maker and it took about 45 minutes waiting.
Right now I didn't wait very long I waited less than 5 minutes for response.
I recall a payment I made a couple months ago for $4.
But he lead me to the information where I could get it.
what companies offered (unclear) so she was doing her best to get me to the right place.
I spoke with 3 different representatives and got 3 different answers regarding the same question.
I've always had prompt answers when I call.
But I was transferred 4 times before I finally got her call.
that I had already signed up for a benefit plan which I had pre discussed and the letter's saying that I couldn't sign up because I.
So I called in and I made a payment a week ago but the person who helped.
what I'm responsible for and she noticed that there was an error there and she said she would send it in for them.
I waited about 5 minutes but you had told me that.
Previously in the last month or so I had a very poor experience which caused me a lot of problems.
Shouldn't have sent out the denial if everything was paid.
It was a bit confusing when I tried to sign into myaarpmedicare.
I got everything that I needed.
I just wish that they had received the check that I had sent in.
The system was down when I called and so I'll have to get a call back.
I got all the answers I needed.
And they they helped me to get the information that I needed.
Told me what I owed and what I didn't owe because I haven't got my (unclear) bill thing yet because they were from March and April.
I was on the phone for twenty minutes.
Unfortunately the computer wasn't up so I couldn't get the information that I needed.
But I was told I could call back later if I like.
I thought was previously updated when I called UHC.
They could've helped me with my gift card I only got fifteen dollars.
I could've had feedback a little quicker I put my claim in in February I was out of country.
And I called first but the lady was her computer was being brought up to date.
Stayed on while I filled out the form and I couldn't have done it without her.
Didn't realize that it would cost me 65 dollars.
I've been waiting 30 minutes and I got nothing but a ringing telephone.
I wish I had not received a threatening letter telling me that my insurance would be canceled that was very upsetting.
When I made my phone call I was.
Talked with somebody then and then they were trying transfer me somewhere else and then I had to end up back to the main switch board when I first called in and (unclear) I had been on the phone quite some time.
I got the bestest of help I could get.
They called me with more information I gave them that information on the next day last Wednesday.
She is going to send me paperwork from her end.
So anyway she tried to transfer me to a supervisor because I couldn't remember and take ownership of that.
And it just rang and rang and rang.
she looked up the notes and tried to put it into the supervisor's voicemail.
I called him now and he was able to get a hold of you.
When I called previously last night the person I spoke to did not have all the information.
He informed me that the system was down and he couldn't really give me any of this information.
I got the information that I called for.
So I was given the number to Maxima and they are supposed to be able to handle my problem.
I was just on the phone with Jennifer to activate my passport for travel for a short trip to Maine.
The only issue that I had nothing at all with Jennifer but the computer system took about nine minutes to actually for her to actually make contact and get the information in that we needed to process.
I've been perfectly satisfied with the Partner Care little mix up here and there but nothing I haven't been able to straighten out.
I got all the information I needed.
But there was like an electronical buzzing the whole time so it made it difficult to to hear her and stay on the phone.
I was transferred four times and on the fourth time they rattled off a phone number that I needed to call because they couldn't hear me.
It's just that there was a change in the billing thing that confused me and she explained it fine.
I got a lot of information that I really.
I had difficulty hearing the person I was speaking to on the other end of the line.
Well you're giving the survey before I actually talked to anybody today so I thought the survey was going to be after I had completed my call.
It just was kind of hard to get through on the computer part of the call.
The computer didn't understand what I needed but I got to a representative so everything went well.
The only problem I had was I had to wait so long to get on the phone.
Took a long time to get the paperwork done and it's still not finished.
I got the answer I needed and so I have no complaints.
If I had a company I would steal her away from you.
I got your survey instead of the person I was supposed to talk to.
Explained everything and gave me all the information I need.
But she just said no and I had to pay every time and left the line.
The only thing you could've done better was to have help me remembered how to get a hold of who I needed to.
I was told to wait and then the survey.
Wasn't able to find the information that I needed to know.
It took some time to get the answer from the person who could make the determination on the check but it's a complicated issue about an estate that was closed some time ago.
I got the information I wanted with no problem for the first time in I don't know how long.
After repeated requests I could not understand the speech of the person that was helping me.
I requested a reimbursement for some batteries for a (unclear) mobile chair and I never got the form.
I got all the information I needed.
That I had not been disconnected 2 or 3 times before I was able to get through.
I got all the information I needed.
All I really needed was to have those visits extended and the person put me on hold for half an hour and didn't solve the problem.
So it was a half an hour on the phone totally wasted.
However I had called in and asked if (unclear) scooters were covered before we ordered it and I was told it was covered.
So I'm not satisfied with the fact that I was given wrong information when I called back.
when I called originally and asked if it was a covered product and to be told yes it was and then not.
The other issue was I was told the wheel chair was covered and I would be responsible for 10% of the cost.
It was 145 dollars and I was only given 21 dollars and 83 cents.
I had an interruption I had somebody call me just as the survey began and that became a little tricky.
So I had not heard in that time frame and now I do find out that it should arrive on May 17th.
(Unclear) I got all the service I needed today.
I got disconnected a couple of times at the beginning before I got to a service representative.
The information was exactly what I needed.
My question was answered completely and I had no more issues other than my one question.
But I had to call four times for the same thing before I got the information that made sense to me.
When I made the phone call to straighten out what looked to me I received a letter in today's mail saying that there was a confusion about a prescription that my doctor's office called in.
When I first called that automated robot transferred me to a woman named Irene in the Philippines.
Every time I call in I get really good help and get my questions answered.
I got an answer right away and it was only one ring.
I didn't have to wait and I got a lot of the information including stuff I didn't even think about asking.
In the book it says I shouldn't be paying the co-pay.
I had some poor reception and then we got disconnected twice and I had to call back.
And then Geneva gave me a number and then we got disconnected again so that was the problem with the phone call.
My call said they were transferring me to someone and they did not transfer me to anyone.
I called for information on the reward and then I was disconnected and put into the survey.
Now I've got to call back a third time to try to get an answer.
The first person I talked to last night told me my permanent address was changed correctly.
(Unclear) hung up on me or something and I didn't get the find more answers that I needed.
I was being transferred to somebody to talk about a claim and never got to anybody and then I got the survey.
No one came on the line and then I got the survey questions.
Nobody even answered the phone (unclear) there was just silence.
And I needed to speak to somebody about the dental plan.
Yeah I was put on hold and somebody was supposed to find out some more information for me and I was put on hold and they never came back.
This time I went to the whole process of getting my ID number and everything.
The first time he gave me inaccurate information about sending narcotics through the mail to save money because I'm in the doughnut hole then the call went dead.
I've headsets turned off and I could hear the representative but they couldn't hear me and I had to explain what the problem was to the rep every single time I called in and there's still an hour of me walking them through the problem.
I was on hold and then it went to the survey.
I could've gotten the right number the first time and my wait was 35 minutes.
Answer my call sooner had to wait 20 minutes.
I was told something completely different this morning I was told that my request had gone through for the pricing and it hasn't yet.
But she went the extra mile to find out if she could send me a blank form so I can get it signed by my parents.
I got all the information I needed.
But my question is the representative that I had before I found out my information was not implemented.
But don't tell me that I've got to send in a request from my primary in order to even discuss it.
This guy gives me all the information in less than 20 minutes and everything I needed to know.
I needed information about my payment.
The thing that would've been better is a little bit less of a wait after my United Healthcare assistant helped me on the phone.
I think that everything went well on my phone call today.
The number I had was the wrong department than what I needed.
Well it did take some time and I was disconnected from my first operator whose name was Barbara and I got a second one named Loria or.
We just went over some billing with the doctor's office and it worked out fine thanks.
some rules have changed and I didn't know that and it cost me some money but she explained it to me.
Probably the one thing would be getting the answers to like I did today in one of the previous phone calls.
So I called back and just went through the regular switchboard.
The only reason I put a nine was I won't know if I'm completely satisfied until I get my next bill.
He took the time to go through everything for me to get the exact information I needed.
He gave me everything I needed to take to my doctor.
And (unclear) she took my payment information but she was telling me about various things that I could get through UHC.
You just put the survey on after I was on hold to get a hold of somebody to talk to about my problem.
The woman who answered took care of my question and then figured out that I needed to add somebody to my record for being able to get information about my health.
She helped me tremendously and she stayed on the line and went to the other number to see if the office was still available hours were open.
Taken care of this problem back in March when I first called about it.
Customer service got me transferred there but they still.
I've been able to anything I need I can call in.
The conversation was rated a six because I did not get the information.
I called that 800 number and I ended up going back into the same system.
I did call yesterday and the system was down.
my call was answered so there was no problem.
If it wasn't for Stephanie or Nico I probably wouldn't have been able to make a payment.
Today I was able to get through with a relatively short wait time but that doesn't make it what happened yesterday.
I wanted to know what my co pay was going to be and that was not very much information that the lady could give me.
So I had to call back a second time but it right through I didn't have to wait long at all and that's great.
He provided me with information that I had been struggling to get for the last couple of years.
I got to where I had to go to speak to the person almost immediately.
They repeatedly asked for the birth day and then we just kind of got into a loop there but the phone today was excellent.
You could have understood that the claim from (unclear) labs was an error and had them correct the coding.
I had an eye appointment in November 2017 and since then they have sent me.
I got all the information I needed so far so there's nothing further that I need to know.
I was on hold while the representative checked on something.
I got the information I needed without any problem.
She gave me the information that I needed.
Gave me the complete answer that I needed.
I got all the information I needed.
The claim was referred to the claims department so I really didn't get an answer but the.
Yes I had to call twice because I was under the impression last year that for a routine yearly physical you could do it within a calendar year.
So if I had it in June I could have it in May the next year as long as it was a new year.
He told me I had to wait twelve months for that and a wellness visit I could have as soon as I wanted it.
I didn't understand that I called back and talked to Felicia and she did read me from the book or whatever you have to look up things that it is within the calendar year for a physical so.
I was concerned about some language that was used in a letter of correspondence with me.
You answered all my questions and took care of the issue.
Concerning the issue of transportation we would've been satisfied if we had been informed at the beginning of the services that how many rides she had.
And he assured me that I could call back at any time with any questions.
Made me (unclear) to achieve all the information that I requested for my husband's paper.
I had a charge here from a doctor's office and I just understood that I was to pay $25.
Well I asked about a the dual plan and I found out there were restrictions.
There was noise in the background with the phone at you phone center which made it difficult for me to hear.
I was waiting for an answer to my question.
She went through many sheets trying to find it.
I spent over 2 hours and didn't get anything done.
And when I had a problem with a billing issue she took care of it.
Got me the information I needed.
I find that forms are very lengthy and very difficult for me to fill out.
I was discontinuing my plan about a month ago and I was on the telephone no telling how long.
I found out today well because I have to go back now through my primary.
Knew the answers didn't have to check on anything and immediately knew the answers to all my questions.
I didn't have to sit on the phone and wait for several minutes.
Get the information I needed to know.
So I got all the information I need.
Could've had my answer my question answered sooner.
I was on hold waiting for a representative and went right directly to the survey never talking to a representative.
I had an issue with getting setup for an appointment for my hearing and the person I spoke with intervened and contacted the hearing company.
I was transferred at least 7 times and not 1 single person knew what I was could help me.
I was looking for my ID number and I was disconnected.
I received all off the information that I needed to have.
I would like just that each person I have spoken to in the last 24 hours could have given me the same information.
And then throw me around to another number to call finding out that I can not purchase supplemental insurance when I was told that I could.
When I answered the phone no one responded at that time.
The second time when I called around 4:30 Eastern time yesterday afternoon I was on hold for over a half an hour and still never got through.
I wanted the shingles vaccine and he left me on hold for two or three minutes and I finally had to hang up.
There is a claim that I put for my brother and it's six months and I have to put put it all over from the beginning.
There is no forms there that I mailed already and I was talking all the time to people and they were telling me that telling me that it's going to be done.
The information I got was perfect.
So I had to call in 3 different times but when I finally did it seemed to work fine.
I appreciated the service today and I never had a problem with them.
We got cut off on the roadside service that I qualified for.
She was taking my information but we got cut off.
I was on the phone for an hour.
And I was given a phone number to call directly for that.
She give me the information I needed.
He got the codes I needed to get my medicine.
I was trying to find out about all my many prescriptions.
it cut me off several times when I was trying to enter it.
She resolved some questions I had on pharmacy pricing.
I've been waiting for them to transfer me over to another line in another department.
So it told me to hang up and call in which I proceeded to do.
So I have an appointment scheduled for the end of this month and I'm hoping that that goes well and the information that I was given was correct.
I had to I was on the phone for over an hour and a half and it ruined my day.
Actually I hit the wrong keys in the beginning.
Even though I was on hold she did what she had to do to rectify and clarify and get my insurance back on track.
But I had to go through five people before I could get to somebody who knew what they were doing.
And so she went back and brought up several more names that were actually surgeons.
If it had been taken care of the first time I called in April it would've helped a lot.
I had to talk to a person at that time who was supposed to have taken care of it.
The one thing you could've done better for me was made a phone call to me and ask me about the different.
I didn't like the recorded response that I had to go through in order to get to a live person.
She went over and above and beyond to help me even though I just wanted something basic as far as to say I received my shipment of over the counter products from your catalog.
I would speak to her if she was to answer the phone.
He gave me all the information I needed.
You called me a week ago and said for me to call you back to schedule an appointment.
Yes if I would have knew today I was gonna get my ramp on the back of my vehicle.
I would give her a check close double close.
They won't let me pay for it all at one time.
And the lady that I talked to suggested that I go talk to the company that I got the CPAP machine from and I live real close to them.
I got all the information I needed.
Yes I made a phone call for an hour with Harrison.
They even called other people for me to check on the problem at my place where I had my medical problems and bills settled.
And at the end of my call everything was taken care of.
If they had been a little bit more quick to get the information that I needed it would have been helpful.
Previously I did it automated and for some reason I got a confirmation number and the money was not taken out.
They're reviewing the claim and then I thought it was efficient and it was quick.
I was transferred around a couple of times until I got Edward who knew what he was talking about for my preferred plan.
I had to call back during the week the following week.
I got the information I needed.
So I didn't have any communication at all with a representative and I just went directly to the survey.
I was passed to two departments and both said the other one was supposed to resolve this and neither one did so your training has problems.
It was a over charging or withdrawing money (unclear) after the service that I had which had been terminated.
I had more questions and I was cut off by them.
You could have taken less time to come up when I appealed the tier reduction and you refused it.
I pushed the wrong button on the first question that should have been a ten.
And I we just didn't realize that we were paying for one month in advance.
Allowed me to get to the area I needed without having to go through a very long call process.
Your message machine I had to repeat about four times.
You did a very good job it just took about two or three weeks to get it all straightened out so then the procedure had to do it.
She gave me all the information I needed.
The reason that I had call is because I wanted to order one of the (unclear) tests that I saw in your magazine.
And I've asked for a booklet to be sent to me.
Technical support said that because I could log in successfully technical support could not help.
You could've given me the correct information when I first called in before a procedure was done.
You could've corrected the issue when I called the first time or the second time or the third time.
She got all my answers done.
Maybe clarification of when I would get a call back.
I got the information I needed.
Someone could've stayed on the d*** telephone long enough to resolve the issue the person that I entered said he would be back in a minute and I waited and waited and it went to the survey I never hear back from the idiot.
I've called like four times and I just wanted a telephone number.
It's Tuesday the 22nd and I told a lady I would go and she said if you bring a guest to call back and tell them I'm bringing a guest.
Which I called this morning and that number was deleted.
There was nothing that could have been done better for me today with my phone call to the representative.
Everything was explained to me and I completely now understand about the deductible.
I have been on this call trying to get an answer for one question for nearly 25 minutes so I think reducing the time would be really helpful.
Kimberly put me on hold because she said she was going to get me an appointment with the doctor and that never occurred.
Instead I got you and you asked me to answer your survey.
She never got me the doctor's appointment.
I called it and the phone number was no good.
It wasn't made clear to me in the very beginning that I would have to sign up for ETF again.
I've had Silver Sneakers in the past and I never took advantage of it.
that's why I was answered through UHC.
I had called to inquire about a call that I had this morning.
And they said they wanted me to call them about a contract renewal on my card which we had never been asked to do that in 25 years.
You've provided the information I need.
I was looking for the last time my husband had a pneumonia shot and they couldn't tell me.
I talked to her in the past and she just goes the extra mile to get that information for me so hats off to her.
I got the information I needed.
It's just a complicated assistance program that I needed and it was handled the best it could be under the circumstances.
The one thing you could have done better for me is the many many times that I called last year about not receiving EOB's was to see that I received EOB's which I'm told came through email.
The computer went down while the person was trying to help me so I had a three or four minute wait while he got it organized.
He has the proper information and worked everything out for us.
The first time I called I got cut off.
gave me the information I needed.
The girl Leah she (unclear) hasn't been (unclear) with me and he's the pharmacist and we had a 3 way call.
I picked not letting the callers waiting for (unclear).
I requested (unclear) April 11th and they were never sent out.
She even stopped and made a telephone call for me.
She called me back 2 hours after the doctor opened for lunch.
I made two calls on the first call the woman hung up on me.
I was given whatever I needed to set up the passport.
I did call on Monday the 14th and I forgot who I talked to then.
I needed to get more information to be more helpful for the person.
I got everything I needed.
I asked for customer service and was promptly connected to this survey.
I got all the answers I need.
Well I was on the phone from.
That I'm gonna have a letter in 7 to 10 days and he verified today that Tara on 4/16 said it happened.
All because someone failed to see that I was on passport and denied the claim.
Actually everything was perfect except the call kept dropping so I had to make the call about 3 times.
Gave me the answers that I needed.
A maxofacial surgery and it was today that I found out that the code was wrong when it was entered.
I got the correct information and I got it quickly.
I kept hearing different information about (unclear) and my first attempt to actually make an order.
I called again and the person was checking and machines hung up on me.
Then I had to call again to try to get this straightened out and also in the mean time in the last week just trying to get these orders straightened out.
I was helped by a gentleman named Brandon who check out information on changes in filling my 2 of my prescriptions and gave me that information I need.
That it wasn't such a long phone tree to get to the person I needed to help me.
That's I needed papers for housing and it was supposed to be in today I called on the 8th and it's not here yet.
Gave me all of the information that I needed.
Went the extra mile and the extra step to find what I needed and offered many other suggestions as well.
So and it said it had to be paid by June 1st and I just called and spoke to Martin and today is Friday May 1 and he said I'm paid in full.
You could have paid my lab work.
Nothing the gentleman Tyler took care of me and I made my payment and it was no problem.
Everything went well and they promised to send me a letter in the mail and they're going to give me a call.
I didn't say that she completed it because I have to call back Monday in order to follow her advice.
So I don't know if at that particular time Paula gave me all the information that was available and I don't know if there would be a way to fix that.
He gave me the exact information I needed concerning my benefits to go to get a hearing test.
I called today because in March I requested two summaries of prescription information regarding my husband who died last year and I was told that I would get them well I did today one was dated May 5 and the one was dated 6/4 and yet my calls were in March and the representative said that she was documenting everything and that it would be reviewed by the high ups.
I got all the help I needed.
When I first called I was cut off.
I spoke to Eric who was in Minnesota and he said that his computer had crashed and he said I'll call you in five to ten minutes and I explained to him the urgency of this because this is a blood thinner medicine called Eloquist.
Aiden said that he (unclear) and was actually calling back at 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
He actually stayed on the line with the pharmacy to reinstate (unclear) everything so again ten should go all tens should go to Aiden out in the Philippines.
I lost the paper for the numbers that I had.
Nothing could've been better than the call that I made and the response that I call from Crystal.
And but I did get a letter saying that they were going to drop me because of the due date.
But all of a sudden I get a letter saying that they dropped me.
But I had to get switched to a different department to finish up my questions.
You've paid picked up bills and paid them.
She gave me all the information I needed.
I had to call twice to get my issue resolved.
I gave my name and then she put me on hold.
You were unable to get a hold of my pharmacy.
We just wanted information and you guys billed us twice and I called twice and told you that we didn't all we wanted was information and again each time they said they would send information.
I got all the information I needed.
I called from work hoping this would be a short call.
The service I got today was exactly what I needed.
And she gave me the information I needed.
I don't know if he did something so it could come up or it just happened if it was updated while I was talking to him.
I could find out all the information I wanted to know.
Gave me my information and really helped me out and she didn't rush me off the phone.
I told her to connect me with customer service.
Did some quick research while I waited on the phone and resolved it.
The representative wanted to go through a whole list of other things other than what I had asked and I declined.
But there just aren't the facilities that I needed in my area.
I could have been quoted the correct amount on my copay on my glasses and I was quoted the wrong price.
You could've showed me where I was covered at 100% on a knee operation.
The phone went dead and your person was gone and I was at the survey.
I cannot get to my EOBs.
The other day I was talking to somebody for an hour and they said hold on I need to go check something and they never came back.
They told me there were gonna call me back after they check what they have to check and they never called back.
I received all the information I needed.
I shattered my knee cap and I was calling about getting some equipment to make life a little bit easier.
He gave me all the information I needed.
She had to put me on hold three or four times because she couldn't find.
she couldn't get the computer to work.
So I had to go through a customer representative and he was fine.
I was able to get a representative when I asked for one so I had no problems.
She gave me a selection of physicians she offered to call them I choose to call them myself.
What I have to do is do the research now to get to where I need my answers but the people I talked to were extremely helpful.
The form described in the booklet I found it difficult to find it but I finally found it.
I got all the information I needed for today.
Apparently something went wrong after January and you weren't able to call the doctor in January and February.
And today you were able to call the doctor.
I've called before about where do I go for blood workups.
It should not be this difficult to get my mother in to see her cardiologist.
I found the phone tree to be a little confusing in the options.
I was surprised at how fast I got through to a live customer service agent.
Answers are completely clear information and I got all the answer.
He's 80 years old and I called today and they said they never got anything until the 18th which was 3 days ago.
I waited on the line and spoke to 3 people for over 42 minutes never got it resolved.
But I was truly unaware of some of the billings that I was responsible for.
I had to make a payment and it was done very nicely.
Oh everything was done very properly and I'm just waiting for a call to meet a representative at my home.
I had to call twice because the first time there was nobody at the end of the line.
It just clicked on and I could hear people in the distance but there was nobody actually on my particular line.
So I had to hang up and call back again and the second phone call was terrific.
I got my answers and a good response at the same time.
I've received everything that I needed.
I did get an answer to my question and even more information than I was asking for.
They submitted a claim back in February today we're in May and I still have not gotten an answer (unclear).
The prescription was phoned in 2 weeks before I received it.
So when I got transferred over to Greg.
Namely a walker which I did not receive and it's been 4 months.
That is why I am unable to say with complete satisfaction my issue was taken care of.
right after I gave the information so there was no problem whatsoever.
I get very complete service on my calls and today was no different.
Everything seemed to be very efficient and I have no criticisms to make on the service I received and I get (unclear).
I finally found somebody that answered all of my questions in a short period of time.
The information I needed went through just fine.
Chris took his time to look up my information but it was certain information that he could find concerning my Social Security which would be the Part B.
The first time I called I was hung up on.
That would've helped me a lot but the operator did stay on 30 minutes trying to get the money back from (unclear) New York City.
If I would've been told earlier by mail or by phone call I would've been happy.
Oh I just got off the phone with a young woman named Rtavia and I would give her 100% plus.
The only other request I would have she said she could only send out one form at a time.
The first time I called I got cut off and the person did not know the answer to my question.
I got all the answers I needed.
I got all my answers.
I have my information I needed and everything I can work with.
I changed my address and she updated it.
I got all the information I needed.
But I won't know how well it worked until I go on my computer and check it out.
But it then asked me for when I've had the annual med and I wasn't sure whether I was supposed to press a button or to say it orally.
I tried both and as a consequence neither worked and I was switched to a live person.
I called to make an appointment and I can't get one until October.
I had Wendy and she took care of my problem with no problem.
She went the extra mile to find my answer and I couldn't have asked for better help.
I called before and I was told that it was resolved and then I get another bill in the mail.
Other than having an office with in my area that I could talk face to face with people.
Other than telling your agent or telling me people the correct information because I had called last year and got different information than what I got this year and this gentleman seemed to know exactly what he was supposed to be doing.
And when I asked was that for how many pills was that for she couldn't tell me that.
Well I could've got a little better information on my first call.
So I got the information that I need.
I have made three or four phone calls and spoken to three different people.
I've been on the phone 45 minutes trying to resolve a question and I was on with tech support and this survey came on.
Although she did have to consult somebody else to get the information.
And gave me additional information that I wasn't aware of.
I (unclear) to find out where everything was ok but I really just wanted to find out about my (unclear) that I need a machine but they told me what to do.
I got the answer I wanted.
Let me use the pharmacy that I had originally contacted with.
When I was online holding and waiting for an answer to the issue that I called in about and got sent to the survey.
They gave you a new website to go on which was the health ID and I guess it was down and it was just really confusing.
I had to call 3 times cuz I was hung up on twice.
Taylor said that I had a ticket number XXX and they would try to resolve this problem within twenty four to forty eight hours.
I have confirmation numbers for both myself and my wife.
Just a little slow getting the information online but it was good service.
I was speaking with an operator by the name of Amy and I was having a problem at a rehabilitation center where I was being asked for $77 of a co pay.
I called UHC and Amy took control of the situation.
Probably had the proper information on the letter that I received from y'all.
The only thing you could've done better was to get the price of the shots that I was inquiring about down from five hundred bucks to like ninety.
Taken the information that I originally reported and made it correct entry.
Everything was just fine I have to call back in two hours because they couldn't contact the other people.
My call the first time was dropped and I had to call again and (unclear).
I've been on the phone most of the day and I'm just wiped out.
More than answered all of my questions and told me what to do and he is sending me out a form to fill out.
The first call I made she just automatically switched me to somebody without telling me.
He said there would be one question for the survey so but I don't appreciate being asked more than one question when I was told I would be asked only one.
She went out of her way to find my information.
given me the information that I was looking for.
I wish that I had been directed to the correct department the first time I called.
I didn't get information about my specific plan the first time I called but I did get it the second time I called.
But I gotta call my doctor to find out.
I just needed one question answered and it took almost 10 minutes close to 15 minutes to get the whole question answered.
It was transferred 3 times and every one of them helped me and the last one actually called the doctor's office.
Yes I don't know of anythign that would have been better except I was holding for the young lady probably about 10 minutes and then a busy signal came on so I had to hang up.
The customer service person could have listened to what I had to say because I had to ask them twice (unclear).
We were on the phone almost an hour trying to locate a doctor.
And today the gentleman that I talked to Ivan told me that this request that I had given them had not even been sent to the accounting department after all of these phone calls.
I received a credit for $131 for some Eliquis I returned.
I called UHC I had spent an hour on the phone.
I was transferred five times and I still do not have the information for which I called.
It was a matter of having the information to give to me and she did not he did not have the information.
He tried hard enough but he did not have the information to give me an answer.
She got all the information I needed.
The first call that I called in to I went into some kind of a holding pattern and I held for a very long time without any notice coming back on and then I was transferred to the pharmacy department.
The person that attended me put me on hold twice for a long time and then the person made me repeat my ID number like three times.
I'm hoping the provider that she gave me comes through.
I'm trying to see what I can do and I'm unable to speak with anybody and then I get transferred to the survey.
So they could've helped me before they sent me to the survey system.
Actually nothing because I was transferred and talked to someone right away.
It is because I didn't have prior authorization that I had no idea was needed.
I went to the doctor and then I there were tests done and I had no idea that I needed prior authorization for the tests and this I've been on the phone.
It was very difficult to get through and I had to ask for a customer service representative.
And he gave me all the information that I needed in a very short period of time.
And like I said they serviced me my questions and concerns.
Was able to get a hold of the doctor and they got it all resolved.
They're going to have to call the doctor's office tomorrow but I would have like to have gotten it resolved tonight.
Kendall said that there was no record of Angie even talking to me.
She promised to try to enter it again tomorrow and then leave me a voicemail indicating that I'm all signed up.
If I had of been notified then I wouldn't have been upset that I'd been removed.
Hi the first time I called you I was greeted with a couple of advertisements or offers for a medical alert system and something else and it went on and on.
I called in to renew a prescription.
Then when I reached them this morning they said all their services are down I have to call back in two hours.
I am not available in two hours.
I never got to speak to a representative to tell them my problem.
And they told me to call back in about an hour.
The first person I talked to gave me wrong instructions and sent me to Silver Scripts and that wasn't right.
I never got any issues done and I went straight to a survey.
So I will give a A plus to this person who was taking care of my call.
It was the person before him who gave me the wrong information but Jay gave me the right stuff.
I got questions answered today that I haven't been able to get all year.
I have to call four times to get an agent that completed my situation.
She gave me the information that I needed.
I probably spent about well it was probably only a minute to quite a long time to try to get out of that and find a person to actually help me 'cause none of the categories listed helped me.
The person helped me with all the information I needed.
I registered and yet when I went to the renew program they said I hadn't registered.
I was hoping I could've taken care of it without my husband's consent.
The young man by the name of Darius helped me out and we're going to have a form sent to us.
I called in about this coverage being provided with not even the information that I'm asking for.
That I didn't have to mail them in in case they they needed to be contact.
I was still on the phone with customer rep on hold waiting for her to get the information and the survey came up.
The telephone transmission was broken up for just about 30 seconds but that's the only problem we had and it wasn't really a problem.
The machine the lady could not understand what I was saying the date.
Connected to me to Ricardo who asked me to call him back from Friday.
My name is (unclear) and I did call for my mother and to look for some information.
was not a working number and then I got.
I wear a hearing aid and I can't so much help from (unclear) representative and I was willing to take the survey after she called me but then I got cut off for some reason.
Made it available so I can have my dentist and the representative was sweet as pie.
I was on the phone for half an hour.
They told me it would be covered at 100 percent.
First I would have to pay 0.
Then I was told for one injection I'd have to pay $4957.
He gave me all the information I needed.
Every other time I called the person could not they gave me names but could not find the right person.
She did tell me what the 14 day was and when at this point when my authorization will be approved but she could not do anything to make it any sooner.
I have a disc pushing against the nerve so I've been experiencing a lot of pain in my leg.
Every time I've called in I haven't had a problem.
I thought the phone call satisfied my expectations so I don't have any complaints.
I asked to speak to a supervisor regarding a very complicated matter and I got a recording saying that the escalation line was closed and then the phone went did.
Gave me all the information I needed.
Yeah I spent fifteen minutes on the phone.
My husband had repealed appeal situation with refill and it took fifteen minutes for them to find me resolve it and I must have talked to four different people.
Nothing better because I was helped with the information I needed.
There was a wait time between the time I called and the time that the person picked up.
It was great service from the person I talked to on the phone.
Make it a little faster it took a long time to find my records and tell me what was going on.
It had the address so I couldn't return my payment without it and I was given the address.
I was able to get an agent right away and I believe I have a course of action set up.
It could've been lost in the mail but I just talked to Brittany and she said she would resend copies of those doctors and specialties in my Orange County California area.
It was to visit my UHC Medicare dot com slash rewards and after I got Gina on the phone I learned that really I had to go to solutions and then I had to go through a registration process.
The letter that was sent kind of scared me that my insurance was completely ended.
He was not explaining to me that my mother's Epic subsidy had expired at the end of the year and it took my insistence to talk to someone else and to look into this further until we found out that is why the premium had gone up to $52.
But I think the representative was not listening to my concern about that I was never told of the premium was $91.
It was just a mix up in how I wanted to receive my explanation of benefits.
well and I got signed up for something I don't need.
I had two situations that I needed to straighten out in my mind.
And she provided me with all the necessary information to get me started.
I was sent instead of to representative straight to the survey so I had to call back.
And she's going to was going to call me back in a couple hours with that information.
And my son in law paid it and I had to pay him back and I didn't really have the money that was money that I had got from my home being flooded.
Within few minutes I had was talking to an agent.
I was supposed to be transferred a third time instead of having any answers.
A couple weeks ago (unclear) trying to get information but today's call was great.
Actually everything that I needed to discuss with the customer service person Felicia was addressed and I have no suggestions for improvement.
just being able to find it just so he could tell me what I'm being charged for.
She is the first one that knew what to do and corrected it immediately.
Originally I called on 05/10/18 and I spoke to somebody by the name of Charlotte and I asked her to please send me a list of how much I've spent in drugs since the beginning of the year and she said she would send it out and it would be 950.
The problem was the letter I received where it said late LATE and my husband was a member since 2013.
She gave me all the information I needed.
Last time I called just to simply change an address.
And if I had a business I would hire her immediately.
I got all information that I wanted.
So I had to be put on hold to wait for someone who spoke English as their first language.
The young man that was helping me even offered a number for my advocate that he thought might be helpful.
I have a note notated that I was calling in for my mother.
They sent it out and some stuff out there and wanted to pay it from the UPS.
he explained everything and looked up the 2 different doctors that I asked him about.
A referral was refused because I wasn't with Monarch.
So hopefully Friday I can make my appointment on that referral with Dr No.
I was assisted by transferring me to each department that I was need of.
And gave me all the information I needed.
So when I called in I got.
The fifth time they tried to transfer me I got you.
I got all the information I needed the first time.
I just wanted to state every time I've called our insurance today was no different.
I tried again and it hung up on me and three times it took me to get through.
I (unclear) sent me showing the gap information and Tyler explained what the difference was and like I said I told him (unclear) instead of saying I owe 37.
It took a very long time to get the confirmation that I was looking for.
I got all my answers plus more.
But I don't think she understood that I didn't understand because I pay $35 every month and I had to have a ticket.
And he provided me with the information that I needed.
I called the insurance 3 weeks ago to find out what to do when I needed to get a referral.
She could have connected me with the number I was searching for.
On the previous call they could have told me that I needed to be looking for what I was asking for in network and it was a scooter for my husband.
We asked for a list of assisted living facilities and I didn't get that from the person I talked to.
The one thing that could've been better was to have entered my information into the system more quickly.
No one answered the call so I did not talk to anyone a 15 minute wait.
She even called Walmart to follow up on it.
Yes I've been trying to contact rewards at the number given to me and I find that as many times as I've tried several times in the afternoon that it was constantly a busy signal.
And there was no way I could leave a message so that they could call be back when they were available and I find this to be very inconvenient.
I called and talked to a representative before I went to the dentist and was told that it was what it would take care of and now the claim has been denied.
I just need transportation to get back and forth to my Doctor.
Cut back on some of the introductory recording message I knew what I wanted and I had to go find out a lot of information before getting to the person I needed.
You hung on me the first time I called the number but fortunately I called again and got through.
I was transferred about 4 times but I finally got the right number so I know how to get directly to what I need.
I think I had to call two or three times to get the issue straightened out.
I called yesterday about the same issue as today regarding a roll in shower chair if it was a covered item or not.
I was checking for dentists in my area and the first call was miss.
I called with a question about my bill yesterday.
It took forever to figure out what was screwed up with AARP but eventually she was able to get an answer.
You could've called my doctor's office and done what I will have to do on Monday morning.
So I had to go a different route and that's happened to me every call I've made the last couple years.
I got all my answers and I was.
The length of the call could've been shortened but I was put on hold for.
As it was I didn't get the phone number and I had to call the regular number.
There was confusion about correspondence conflicting I guess you would say information with what I had been told in the past.
Got all the information I needed so that I don't have to wait to be called back.
The person I got online was great and I did not have a wait time at all.
But I have been trying diligently to get online at the site but it was recommended that I sign up for.
I had the telephone line that that disconnected after waiting for about ten minutes.
So yesterday I tried getting a problem resolved for probably took me 45 minutes to try and do (unclear) and not having getting it resolved.
It was the call before then from somebody in Minnesota that made me feel like a scam was going on.
I got the information I needed.
I was on hold for too long just getting a lost card.
I had to go through that whole thing and then told that they were having technical difficulties.
The woman I had before took ten minutes and never got back to me.
I just needed to have a question answered on my billing because I thought maybe we.
I had called in the past and I couldn't get information on where the claim was.
And I didn't get all of the information I needed to know.
Basically I had all the help I needed.
And apparently there was a mistake in it so the woman verified it.
I was not informed correctly about how the billing was to be.
Transferred me to Optum as I was told I was going to be done.
She solved not only that problem when I called but I'm moving and she did some checking for me and made some suggestions for when I move because my plan will need to change.
She actually even updated my information and advised me that I was due for an annual physical.
The good thing was I called to find out if I was insured.
And they fully assured me that I am insured.
And the person did get to the information I was after.
I got the information I needed.
I apologize I made a mistake on the first question.
if you had just sent me a letter warning me I would've known what to do.
I'm much happier with this phone call than I was last time I called in.
The lady helped me with what I needed and we changed some information on my insurance.
I did not have to wait on the phone on hold for more than 20 seconds not even.
if you had a rating from one to ten I would give him a ten.
I received all the information that I need.
I was on the phone way too long on hold most of the time.
Well I was shuffled around to several different departments and I didn't like that.
She gave me the info I needed.
I was transferred when I first called in on the customer service number.
He gave me all the information I needed plus 2 more.
They were not particularly helpful and in resolving the problem the medical resource that I talked to first actually handled it.
I have gotten the information I needed from my dentist's office that fixed it.
She took care of my problem so I have no complaints.
They could've made things a little bit clearer to me because it sounded like I missed a payment.
I think the earlier call might have offered the form that the 2nd call offered me this morning and that's the only way that I would improve.
She got my pre authorization (unclear) and going (unclear) all day.
I was not informed of except for today when (unclear) told me.
I didn't I wasn't able to get my medical card but he told me it was okay.
The second time I called I was given the name of a doctor and a clinic and the clinic is closed.
It's just the lack of information and that I needed and the fact that it's been a couple of months since I tried to get this set up.
But I think it took him awhile to get in touch with the doctors office.
They could have identified the new the plan I was trying to change into.
I bought my hearing aids there and then they moved.
And I was told I would receive it by May the 14th when I called earlier.
So I was given some wrong information earlier.
I had to apply for it a couple years or so ago and it's ongoing and that's fine.
She got my problem resolved immediately.
Then I realized I needed one more piece of information.
I've never had a problem with UHC when I've called for questions.
I called 3 times because of all the different things going on.
And I'm satisfied with all the information I got and (unclear) to the assistant.
It my call earlier I got bad information.
Could have had this resolved the first time I called rather than the third time that I called.
I was on for 40 minutes to get one question answered that was it.
I called for one thing and got information on other things that I didn't know.
I was in a hurry and I had already given the information once.
She said she'd already ordered it while we were on the phone and that could be two weeks.
Even though I get visits for nothing I would not go to them.
The last time I called I was on hold for so long it was just ridiculous.
Been able to give me the exact amount of what it was going to cost.
I got all of my information that I needed.
I had no idea that looking online that the drug was only 32 dollars.
The operator is wonderful and completed all tasks that I ask for her.
I was on hold and transferred to two different people before my issue was resolved.
At this point I have a ten rating because I got help with what I needed.
I got the information I wanted.
I got all the answer that I was needed.
I do not sign on very often and it seems like every time I have in the past I've had to go through the same procedures and it gets old.
I got all the answers I need.
And asked me if there was any other way that I wanted to make a payment and I said this one is working out very well for me.
Other than I called the wrong number and they transferred me.
I got the information I needed.
I was not aware of this program until last year.
You could not improve on the outstanding service I received today.
It was just a surprise when I first called in and they went through all these bills that I had and they said you owe.
When I finally got to the customer service rep she said that I only owed $16.
80 instead of all this other stuff that the computer said and she said that she was going to be sending that out.
I actually have no complaints at all everything that I asked to have done was done satisfactorily and I couldn't ask for a better experience.
Cynthia did a great job but I could hear all of the other attendants in the call center.
He understood me and he was able to process my payment as needed.
Not only did he give me what was on his computer but then I gave him the list of doctors for him to check that my doctor gave him.
Plus the fact she gave me the information I needed.
The lady that I had on the phone just needed some more information from where my information came from.
After being on the phone for almost twenty two twenty five minutes they're going back and forth finally it was disconnected and I was transferred to this survey.
So when I told her I called to get some information that did not compute and that's when I pushed zero and then that's when the robot said I will connect you to someone that can help you.
I wish I could've gotten a tighter time frame for the call back.
She's patient she's kind she got me all the information I needed.
And you know I get to get a referral for that.
And then I also got eye surgery and then I asked about you know going and.
He did not know the answer but went and got an answer for me.
I got all the information I was looking for plus information that I didn't ask for which was useful.
She did the research that needed to be done and got us the answers so we could resolve the issue.
This call answered all the questions that I needed so I don't have any suggestions about that.
I got into a loop with the machine so I had to have a person.
I asked a question what I was covered for and I got the correct answer.
I've already complained about this twice to the representative after that.
I had called in April for a colon rectal screening test kid and the girl that I talked to said she would send it out.
With all the responses I received from anyone I spoke to.
I was assured by my insurance agent that it would be affective June 1st.
They knew the information I needed.
I was transferred to a second person to answer some questions.
The first call went through right away which was wonderful the second one I did have to hang on the line and that's my only (unclear) for the day I'm at.
Could have gave me a set of dentures or got 'em for me at a decent price.
I have all the information I need.
I spent over twenty minutes trying to get a claim (unclear).
And then when I asked to be connected to a supervisor I was connected to this survey instead.
I am now going to call back into UHC for the sixth time this morning and it's only ten forty.
She's been on the phone with me for an hour trying to help me.
I did get the information I needed so I have no problem.
I was actually able to receive all the information that I needed and there isn't anything that could've been done any better.
And found out some information that I did not have and was able to help me a whole lot.
Everything went well I pressed one of the wrong numbers on my phone.
My issue was they charged us for something that should have been paid.
Well I had to make probably three phone calls before I got an answer to my question.
I had been in an auto accident and I just needed to know if I could go to my primary.
She gave me the information she had available to her.
Otherwise Wanda gave me all the information that she had available to her.
They could've looked up my bill a lot quicker than they did.
come over to my house and bring me a cup of coffee.
I will also say that I had two other calls one Mario I talked with him for 28 minutes trying to get the price for one drug and all of a sudden he transferred me to someone who said who had no idea why he had transferred me and I had to start all over so that was annoying and then that person I asked to be transferred to a supervisor and I guess when he was trying to do the transfer I got disconnected again so all total I had been on the phone with you all for 2 hours and 15 minutes.
I got the information I needed and I'm happy with it.
And I kept getting switched around and switched around and no answer.
I waited in line and got hung up on.
They answered my questions right up.
So it made more sense to me what she told me about getting my glasses after I have the second surgery rather than getting glasses in between and then getting glasses after.
Nothing could've been done better it was satisfactory efficient and my question was answered.
They told me there was 3 or 4 different dates when I called and it never showed up yet so they're sending me a new one out.
Originally just about a year ago or it's been since January I've called to find out why this claim was denied.
It was a blood test done by Quest Diagnostics referring to this phone call and no one had told me up until this point.
Come to find out that wasn't the reason why it had been denied even though I spoke with a few representatives and no one has disclosed the fact that the reason why the claim was denied.
It has helped me control my hot flashes and get me more up to date on my well being.
Yes last year when I sent in they gave us a form that we could fax in to get reimbursement on medical expenses.
So I wish that would change back because it was very convenient and I could do it from home.
And like I said I got reimbursed a lot quicker.
I was left on hold for over 30 seconds to check something that should have been readily available.
I called to get an address for a claim.
What confused me was I had called previously and got a different address in Arizona.
But that first lady and she didn't even hang up fix the phone where I could do the survey.
I was transferred 3 times before I got the information I needed.
For listening to what I had to say and getting it straightened out for my transportation.
The first time I was transferred to a service rep I did not get transferred it just went blank so I had to call back a second time and the second time it worked.
I got the information I needed.
It was taken care of immediately and I didn't have to wait.
I got the answers I needed right off the bat so I don't have any complaints at all.
My questions were answered and I have a clearer understanding of the coverage that I have.
You asked me I would stay on the line to answer one question and I just had three.
And basically I was just calling to find out about immunizations and I asked her to make it apart of my primary record that I had called today.
I missed the survey because the people that I was talking to hung up on me.
She researched it and found that the doctor that I'm looking for was in network at the location that I request.
I cleared everything up with Barb on the phone.
You could've processed my claim when it was sent in.
I wasn't able to get an answer to my question.
It was done twice not only for me but for my wife.
I wanted a form faxed to me.
she said she couldn't fax it.
She gave me all the information I requested.
I got all the information that I needed.
It was past information that I didn't get correctly.
I punched the wrong number for the first answer which was 0.
I got to a service representative real quick so everything was okay.
She referred all of the things that were causing a problem on to have them corrected.
So I left it on the pharmacy.
I needed a different pump size and they sent me the wrong one.
The same thing I went to the doctor today.
I'm afraid the individual contact that I made is very limited as to what she can do.
So you know if it had been made clear from the beginning which I told her I was calling about a Zoster vaccine and that I thought it should have been free.
I've got 11 prescriptions that I'm dealing with so she did a wonderful job for me and gave me what's remaining to fit the pieces of the puzzle.
I called to pay my bill.
She took my money but she said I don't have to make no more payments I would have been happier.
Got my information that I needed to go for blood work up and I just hope he gets a compliment.
I talked to two representatives when I went to the automated system I asked to be transferred to the billing department.
They didn't transfer me someone else came in and they had to transfer me for the second time.
I got the information I wanted.
We took care of some medical and then we got switched over to dental.
The representative was very helpful but I get my bills after the.
She was telling that if I needed to I could get some help with my utilities.
I went through about 8 of them before I had to just slam the phone down.
And she went through everything and told me I was covered under that plan.
It was prompt and I got the right information.
I had to ask her to repeat 3 or 4 different times during the.
However I placed another call earlier this morning around 10:30 and the young man could not help me at all.
I was on the phone with him for almost 30 minutes.
And I had to let him go and call back this afternoon.
I called 3 times and got hung up on 3 times.
I got all of the information that I needed.
I was on hold for over 50 minutes and then automatically your survey came on and I haven't talked to the representative I was talking to to start the call.
Have a good day and gave me the information I needed the call was perfect.
She couldn't do anythnig for me so she gave me another telephone number which was the WellMed number.
He said that number was for providers only he couldn't talk to me.
Nothing except you told me I had to answer 1 question and I had to answer 3.
The whole purpose of me calling in the time before was to get them filled.
I have been on hold for over a half an hour and for some strange reason it hangs up on me and said we are now closed.
I was on hold for almost half an hour.
They gave me the answer right away exactly what I needed.
Previously I was supposed to get my problem ironed out.
64 each time I got in there to the foot doctor.
I got the answers I needed.
But it would've been nice if y'all had had more than one urgent care within like 30 or 40 miles of my house that stayed open past 8 o'clock.
The man gave me every answer that I wanted.
They say the computers are down for an hour and I have to call back.
I received all the information that I needed and she helped me by sending a list of preferred pharmacies so I have no complaints.
And I went in to see if I had paid and it said that I hadn't.
And that was after we actually had a drop in the call and reconnected with her.
I was transferred two or three times but I was on the land line so it wasn't costing me minutes.
Now part of that I called yesterday I got a hold of three little people that didn't even know what I was talking about yet the letter said to call on that number.
It took me a year to do it but I got it done.
Well I guess your computer system weren't working well today so it was kind of hard for the person to find what we needed but other than that everything was fine.
Because I didn't get all my questions answered because I got tired of waiting for them.
I could not get my question answered because the agents computer was being upgraded and so he couldn't get into any of his screens.
The only reason that I had to make the call today was because your website was not functioning properly yesterday.
I got the information I needed.
the computers were slow and I was put on hold a couple of times.
I kept repeating my questions.
Got me my insurance like I was requested.
Healed my wife and then I wouldn't have to call you.
Yeah I called for a representative and then you switched me over to the survey.
I got on the phone quickly and I'm happy with the results.
I have no suggestions it was a perfect call and I have a considerable detail of help from the agent.
The call was efficiently covered as far as the benefits I was inquiring about.
They just gave me the answers I needed or she did.
So for a week I kept calling because my phone was saying.
So I've been calling for over a week and (unclear) gave me the correct number.
I was calling to get a passport for travel and I can't.
In fact I told her to have the rest of the day off.
Everything was satisfactory and the lady helped me and she's going to send me the form that I need because I was sent the wrong form.
She indicated that I had been overcharged on a specialist visit so I'm going to pursue that now.
All I was calling about was them to find out if I could have an appointment for the end of the year a final check up that was outside of that parameter that was one year.
I had (unclear) June the 10th so I have until June the 10th I thought one year to finalize this appointment situation and I could not get an appointment until June the 21st.
We had to do the process 3 times until we received a real person.
The one thing you could have done better for me is when I entered the patient's the member's number I had to do it 3 times before I was transferred to a representative.
Information about administration of cortisone to a knee and whether that was covered or not I couldn't find it and neither could the person that helped me and I'm looking for my book.
We had a little difficulty in staying connected while information was being looked at.
She worked with me for an hour in order to take care of something.
Now this provider that I had to go to (unclear) 35 minutes filled out paperwork changed into a gown and everything for a doctor to come in and tell me (unclear).
And quite frankly gave me information that no one else had on my previous phone calls.
I had called on this issue this is the 3rd time I had called on the issue and it still has not been resolved.
You said you were gonna get in touch with Express Scripts and I thought we were both gonna be on the line.
I just have to find some more information for myself now and she told me how to find that out.
anything I asked for they got an answer for me.
It was a crazy transition trying to get all of my information changed over from Massachusetts to New Hampshire.
But it took me 3 or 4 phone calls to get everything squared away.
One of them was miss Peggy (unclear) put my paper down had a brain fart and another gentleman I spoke to the other day by the name.
That was the only one but he gave me satisfaction with all my other problems.
You gave me a number to call so I could get my (unclear) told the doctor to tell him that I (unclear).
My call was not transferred to the person that I needed assistance from.
So I have been 36 minutes waiting on the phone.
Could've explained where the charges came from that I was asking about.
I wanted to know where I was being charged the ten percent and why.
I had to (unclear) every year for the last three years when I call in (unclear) you guys keeping it.
I need to know who called me yesterday to schedule an appointment when I had an appointment with my doctor.
I they called me also on May something and I had an appointment with the doctor in May and nobody showed up.
But no I wasn't gonna ask him again to spell it because it took me forever to get the information that I needed from him to answer that took 35 minutes.
I got all the information I needed.
I would recommend to her anyone and hopefully if I call back again sometime I would get her.
Gave me all my information I needed so I can make a decision.
However I do know that the operator had to spend some time on hold at the doctors office to resolve the issue.
I got everything I needed.
But other than that I got the information I needed.
And he's getting back with me when he calls the eye doctor on Tuesday.
And then a little bit later on I was sitting on hold and then the phone hung up for some reason.
she gave me some numbers to call and I'm going to try to call them and see if I'm going to get the help I need.
I received a notice that you paid out money to somebody in April and nothing was done.
They lost my call and then I had to call again.
It's the first time that I have called right after getting mail.
The customer service representative worked very hard on filling out forms but it did take time.
I wish I had been notified when the (unclear) became available after it having been unavailable for several months.
I receive all the information that I requested (unclear).
When I called earlier today your computer system was down.
I got an answer to get (unclear) go to another (unclear) and I have been satisfied.
And she did all the paperwork it was one shop (unclear) and I'm already set up for my first appointment.
I couldn't really trace it online and your representative that I spoke with made it clear what happened.
I got all the information I needed.
He tried to connect me with a supervisor and every time he tried he was disconnected.
When I initially called I often had to press a one or a two for English or Spanish and this time I didn't have to do that and I really appreciated it.
I called I've been calling two or three days and I've talked to about six people.
I asked (unclear) I need help to file a claim and she kept saying find a claim.
I am on the phone with her 18 mutes until she realized she got it all wrong and they sent me to another operator.
It took me while to get through to them.
I was unable to complete a survey for him because he hung up on me after he put me on hold and a few minutes later the line went dead.
I called earlier and could not get any information.
they helped me as much as they could but the office was closed.
Eventually somebody found me.
And I had Mr Jay just now explaining something about my benefit bills and everything was fine.
And last year I did have to file a complaint and I'm considering it again because the 16th I should've been able to have the driver I requested because he was sitting in his van waiting for a scheduling and again.
I waited 30 minutes to talk to somebody (unclear) minutes.
answered to talk to me cut them out and started on this survey and I never did get to talk to anyone.
Well it took me three calls to get through to you.
The first two calls I was on for about fifteen minutes each call and then my call was dropped.
I had a representative before this call that I took with Marcy.
I had a rep yesterday the day before this call and I forgot the.
It took a half an hour but I had the same information I started out with.
Give me the answers I needed on (unclear).
You could have told me at the beginning of this 40 minute call that I couldn't do what I wanted to do until Tuesday the day after the Memorial Day holiday.
a policy that I had had in 2017 and that was it.
I received the medicine yesterday and I wanted desperately to make sure that I didn't have to make that call again because maybe I might forget I wanted to enroll.
I called in May to remove my dental and she told me that it had never been removed.
When I called she told me to just ignore it.
She had no idea why I got it.
You could've let me know that my doctor was out of network as of April 1 I just found out yesterday which was May 26th.
The representative was unsure of my question he didn't know the data it took him time to try to find it.
I was activating my passport and as long as the dates were put in correctly.
Last time I activated my passport it was a hassle and the dates were all wrong.
I got the answers that I needed.
I was able to order my replacement drug card.
I went to the local Walgreens where I am vacationing and they tried to transfer it they said from Optum and were unable to.
I had a representative answer the phone before the survey.
I just didn't pick up that I had a scheduled appointment already on Tuesday morning at 9.
No this is the second time that the only purpose I called for was to call back and tell you about the surveying.
I was calling because I could not log into my accounts.
When Angela said them benefits she broke them benefits down word by word.
I was looking for a dental plan and the (unclear) gave me a number to call.
not today but I got it cleared up then.
that would get me to the person but when I got to the person it was just great.
But she told me to try later and charge up my tablet and maybe I can get it.
She did give me the information I needed for Silver Sneakers and the places I can go and also the house call program.
You could have told us that we needed to get medical records.
Couldn't have done anything better I got the answers to the questions I needed in a good timely manner.
I was very pleased to find that I could get a hold of somebody in the afternoon on Memorial Day weekend.
I he got me a number that I got to call to see about getting my wife a bed hospital bed.
Prior call I was on was over an hour and a half with your technical services on the website and the people in that were trying to help were not competent.
I think I put in a wrong number at the first question.
Giving me a number to transfer to where I can get help.
She took care of my problem right away.
Nothing you did everything and got my information to me.
I did not receive a notice of this until May 9th.
I've never failed to get answers to my questions.
I also got phone numbers to continue what I need help with.
Well I had called about 5 days ago and received different information than what I received today.
I called at 7:30 in the morning and they told me you all wasn't open so I called back at 9.
But he did give me a list of doctors that I can call.
Nothing everything ran fine I have no complaints whatsoever with the survey with the questions that I had they answered them completely.
On the call when I was talking to your representative I could hear the background noise.
She gave me all the information that I needed plus some tips on how to help me with my prescriptions once I go into the gap.
I got up this morning and went to the dentist that I was told is in network.
I was assuming I had the dental plan people on the phone.
Provide the help that I was asking for.
The sound turned on on my computer and I didn't hear the question.
I was calling you because the fecal blood test kit that you sent me was incomplete.
And I had to be on hold for 13 minutes to get it straightened out and get another one sent out to me.
So then I have to go look for other doctor and she gave me 2 other names that I asked for.
She answered all my questions and also indicated that perhaps I might want to contact the office of the doctor.
I had less than a minute wait time.
This was a second call regarding a vaccination and she really did everything that she could.
Understood exactly what I was talking about and resolved my problem within a very short time.
She solved my problem and got a solution.
I wasn't able to get an answer from the person that I talked with but they are looking into it.
And helped me to get the answers to my questions.
At this point I don't know that anything could've been done better because he checked with the supervisor and got information pertaining the formulary.
I guess they crossed in the mail and we got the same records.
What was worked out in my file so that they could fine it.
They couldn't find anything and it took me days to get it worked out because there was nothing on my file.
Well by that time I had 15 20 minutes about a half an hour already invested in this call.
I miss pressed a 3 instead of a 4 on one of the questions but the service was excellent.
Everything went very well it was suggested that I get a prescription for the problem that I had and then resubmit the claim thank you.
However the issue did not get resolved when my husband went to pick up the medication.
In my initial applications for myself and my wife I put down all the information needed and that I was her legal guardian.
Once I got the rep everything was fabulous.
I found out the information I needed without any problem.
I got the information I needed from your representative named Jane.
I got all of the information I needed.
However I did make a phone call before this and it was terrible.
Things were pretty good and I made quite a few calls today to UHC relative to vision eyeglasses.
Just made it a lot easier for me and cleared up a lot of information for me.
I did get the information I needed however.
it's taken me 2 hours to get what in the long run took 2 minutes to do.
And then took the time when there was a little confusion for both of us to ensure that she had the correct answer.
The girl gave me the number for Lilia and see what they say.
I asked for technical support and got a representative instead.
He just gave me my information that I wanted.
All of the information told me to me by the lady Paula was correct.
But following that letter of verification we received another letter saying we had not paid it and that we owed a check and that the credit card was still expired.
I was made aware of some items that I wasn't even aware of.
I got the information I needed.
But she came up with a solution by sending me a form that I could complete.
The person had the response that I needed.
Told me the answer that I was needing and it was done fast efficient.
Gave me the information that I needed and assured that if I needed any further assistance that I could call back.
And they even gave me a reference number for the issue that I called about today.
It does not work but it told me to call your number and I called it and it was bad.
I called to find out the name of the treatment center that deals with blood work.
And gave me all of the information I needed.
And all I wanted to know is if you received the check.
Well number one when I called the first time I was put on hold.
Gave me the information I needed to do to fix a problem and I really appreciated Derrick's help.
Gave me all the information I needed.
She told me not to worry when I got my statement every month and it said more than I owe because they were getting crossed in the mail.
And I got the information that I needed.
Gave me every bit of information I needed.
And gave me the information that I needed.
I get all of the information I needed.
She gave me all of the information I wanted.
I was ordering my mail in prescriptions.
The person who helped me was excellent however I noticed that what the activities that was offered last year are not offered this year.
You know what I called for I received the information.
I think I made a mistake when I hit the keypad for the experience I had on the phone.
I would give her a 10 and I hit 1 and the pound sign.
I don't have my glasses on and instead of hitting a 1 and a 0 for 10 I accidentally hit 1 and the pound sign.
I packed the boxes and that was horrible for me.
You know I had to hire helpers so I was exhausted by the time I got here.
And all I did was move and I notified you that I moved.
And I always get that type of service whenever I called in with a problem.
It took about four minutes for her to look it up and holding the phone (unclear) that was the only thing.
You could have faxed the information I needed over to the housing authority.
You could have picked up the phone and talked to me.
I was just placed on hold and sent to this survey.
Then they told me they was gonna transfer me to the department that I needed.
I think I had him on the phone over an hour.
And she went to the trouble to go to the health care provider and settled my question in my favor.
I just didn't know if I was a member or not and so I had to hold onto the phone to speak to a representative but aside from that everything was fine.
I wish I could get her every time on the phone (unclear) from Georgia.
I had to find out when I called his office.
The only misunderstanding I had was the first call that I did.
I was on the phone for over 30 minutes just trying to get to somebody to talk to.
Everything was just fine I was calling for rewards card and it was processed amazement.
So today I spoke with Renae and she's suppose to be getting it all straightened out but I've been calling since January and I find out today that no one has ever filed anything correctly.
They called me and denied me a prescription which should not be denied then when I tried to have a conversation with them they just hung up.
And I was due to have surgery tomorrow Wednesday on the 30th and I just discovered it was denied and so I'm very furious with Silverback for denying this.
I was told one thing from one person and then another from another person so it ended up being I didn't need it all.
But the one person could've told me that I wasn't 100% when the second person told me I was 20%.
And I got the information I needed.
She gave me the information I needed and she didn't need to do anything else.
I was a little frustrated because the last gal before (unclear) couldn't find my name or my policy.
Today I spoke with Elaine and she ordered another one which is gonna be another 6 to 8 weeks unfortunately but obviously at this point there isn't any indication in the system as to what happened to the one that I should've had by now.
I wanted to know if you still had the copies of my power of attorney.
I was put on hold for about 5 minutes waiting for someone to assist me so that would be the only comment I would have that could have speeded things up.
The lady I spoke with today gave me more help than I've received through this help line in the last 3 years.
He offered to call the doctor's office which he did and he is highly efficient.
(Unclear) was calling me back with some answers once he researched it further.
It took an inordinately long amount of time to get the answer that I posed to the customer service representative.
She asked me at the end did I have any more questions.
She gave me the information that I needed.
I got all the information I needed just right away.
And I have to call back tomorrow to pay June I could only do one month at a time.
I had to call for several questions I had of my own account and I had 3.
The one thing I would say is when I called the first time and the automated system hung up on me.
You could have called me back shortly after you were going to shortly after I spoke to you.
This was about 10:45 this morning and I didn't hear back but now I called back and learned that I will receive a call back at 4:15 this afternoon.
But it did take two phone calls in order to get through.
I had to go on a new plan in January because I was in the state of South Carolina and (unclear) you all have denied everything that I have filed.
Daniel is sending me a new card that I needed without any problems.
So I tried to change it and I even after I changed it still would it wouldn't let me open anything up.
Everything was satisfactory and she resolved the problem within 5 minutes by looking up the record.
So I've been on this phone dealing with this for probably the last 10 or 15 minutes.
It took twenty five minutes to get a (unclear) a dentist that's in network.
The representative even when she asked for help could not resolve the issue.
Nothing on the call but when I got the response to my letter maybe it could've been a little bit more detailed.
I was on hold for awhile for the information was being looked up.
Well I got forwarded to the wrong number but it was hardly any inconvenience.
The call that I made just prior to this they gave me completely wrong information and she didn't really.
The people in customer service did all they could at the time.
Everything was fine I got everything taken care of that I needed to on just the one phone call.
The only thing was I had got received a call from UHC about a problem I had called in last week so and wanted me to call back.
And then a week later I get a 2 page letter explaining why this happened.
It take me five numbers and almost an hour to find somebody to help me to find an ophthalmologist number.
There was an error that I called about but customer service today was completely fine.
I was trying to get a refill on a prescription.
That I didn't get my survey with Charlotte who's the person I talked to first.
I explained that it was a 2 shot series so I knew I was getting the correct information.
I don't think I received an adequate explanation of the explanation of benefits that I received today.
I got every answer that I needed to have.
I just needed a doctor verified that he was covered.
So I owe seven thousand dollars and I'm trying I'm on hold 'cause the lady who was taking my inquiries put me on hold and I'm still waiting.
I wrote down the time and date and he said that anyone who answers can send him a note.
Could've given me the name of the person I was speaking to more clearly.
Well I needed to speak with a representative instead I got the telephone menu.
Well the only thing that was totally wrong was the letter that was sent to me.
I had to keep repeating all of the information to the 3 or 4 individuals I talked to.
I called about my charges on my health care plan and a lady called Ava was most helpful.
And I waited for the opportunity to give comments but it had a busy signal or something like that.
the representative could have asked me what plan I was calling about.
I was turned away at the hospital for a test that I had to prep for and it caused a hardship.
Had it would have helped to have had most of the information I asked available on the internet.
The only suggestion would be that the first person to whom I spoke was not in the dental claim department.
Once I spoke about that perhaps it would've been better if she'd actually interrupted me and put me over to the dental claim department.
I wasn't on the phone five minutes.
The person I spoke with did not have enough detail at her access as to the type of portable oxygen equipment available that would be approved.
I got the information that I needed.
The lady was very helpful and she's checking on my claim right now and told me to call back in a week and to see if they had received it from the hospital.
You could've gotten Optum Rx to respond to my many phone calls over an hour two weeks ago and when they finally did.
They told me they would be sending me some syringes (unclear) they'd arrive in two weeks and they were in error.
Everything went well with the telephone information I got.
why I was receiving the amount I received.
It wasn't in agreement with a previous check that I got.
Keep me on the line with the person I was speaking to before I had to answer questions of the survey.
I think I got all the information I could've been given for what we.
The only thing I wished that they would've let me known what was going on by sending out a letter stating what was going on with my account.
I will say that the last time my husband got a hearing aid we were reimbursed $600.
I was trying to do ten and then it went to the next question.
I got everything I needed with a phone call.
Well I'm on hold waiting for the lady to get back to me with an answer and this survey came on.
You could have not hung up on me and transferred me over to the sales department like you were supposed to.
He just filled me in on what to look for in paperwork that if I didn't get it.
Because my correspondence didn't include a letter so I didn't know where I was supposed to be sending it.
The girl gave me all the information I required.
I had a problem this time and last time when the recording asked for my number number.
I've been trying to wait on it for 2 months and this authorization that you all got is (unclear).
They went to different departments and finally figured out what I needed to know about my plan.
I received all the information that I requested.
I was calling to see if the (unclear) surgery for my eye's because I have (unclear) has been approved because last (unclear) the 23rd some young man called me and said it had been approved.
But my doctor (unclear) tried to (unclear) said I needed to get that in writing 'cause he didn't show nothing that it had been approved.
She had to check with several different departments and she did it.
I've been on the phone for 2 hours trying to find out a fitness gym and finally I get a help from this last (unclear) that helped me out.
Your (unclear) all I had to do was present my card.
I just got off the phone 'cause I had filled (unclear) with my wife.
So I went through the process again for my coverage and my wife's coverage and I was told that we didn't have converge.
all my answers to my information that I wanted to know.
Pertaining to this call on November the 29th I was completely satisfied with the agents follow up.
Anything that I had to check about she was able to find and give me proper answers.
It would have been helpful had I had an explanation of benefits that was current.
She gave me information that I've never gotten from anyone before.
I had a claim denied and it's very unclear why.
And then I had the pharmacist call and go through this.
But previous (unclear) I cannot seem to get the paperwork (unclear) I need.
He took all of the information that he needed and it was fast because he went by the phone number and then he checked the rest.
I was just checking the one on the generic Atarol three because of last month because of deaths in the family and everything I was off about a week from getting it filled and I was just wanted to check if that was the same issue before it went to this month and I think it was hard.
Got the information I needed promptly.
He gave me the exact information that I was looking for and the explanation.
We're extremely satisfied with the outcome nothing is finalized yet but waiting 72 hours to get a call back.
Well I made the call to find out why the (unclear) or the (unclear) my husband takes is so high and I never really got an answer.
But I did get another telephone number to call to try and get it resolved but I've had many telephone numbers to call and it still hasn't been resolved.
I told them that I would call back later.
Needed to have less waiting time when I was put on hold.
I got disconnected so I'm probably going to have to call back.
I got information that I didn't know that I needed.
I was transferred and then the call literally was dropped and on to a survey.
I had no wait time when I called it's perfect and I'm on my way to the doctor I can't find my card and they were very helpful.
I meant whatever I wanted I got the information.
And all I need to do is check back in 3 or 4 days to make sure the referrals went through.
Probably the one thing would've been to offer to investigate why the billing was so high on one of the aspects that I had inquired about.
I had to wait 10 minutes before I could get an answer to what I wanted.
I was calling in regarding dental benefits and I called the main number and it took 2 or 3 minutes of prompts and everything to get through.
the fee that I received I've never received before.
I had no problem getting the information that I needed.
I applied for some forms to fill out to.
I called back today and the young man took time and he said he would have them out in 7 or 10 days.
And in my case it might have been easier for all of us if I had been able to go direct to the dental department.
Although I had some difficulty trying to find it in the paperwork that I get annually to see where that might lie.
Possibly the wait at the beginning of the call I had to wait like four of five minutes I think so other than that Luna did one heck of a job for me.
There was a very long wait from the first operator I got then I had to wait to get the second operator.
Get the EOB's out more quickly and also I had a problem connecting the first time that I called.
I was probably on the phone about 10 15 minutes.
I got cut off the first time and I had to call again.
Also when I agreed to take this survey they told me it was a 1 question survey.
I was only on hold for about a minute.
And he gave me all the information that I needed.
Well everything was right there when I needed it.
No I just never realized that I had a referral was submitted every time I got a mammogram.
Today's call was fine it was the ones that lead up to this one when I was trying to get the insurance straightened out.
On the first call I made I was directed to the wrong place the second call I made everything worked out perfect.
I didn't find the provider the laboratory I was looking.
I was not made aware when I bought the policy of it's limitations.
It took me talking to 3 different employees' to finally get to somebody to solve my problem.
Talk to somebody that was more familiar with the numbers with the accounting it seemed like it was difficult for the person on.
When you transferred me to someone to speak to the.
I held on the line and the line said they couldn't put me through and they hung up making my time longer with the person that I had to ask.
It took a very long time to get the information that I needed.
So it took about twenty or thirty minutes to find out the answers.
Candy gave me the information I needed.
Not to transfer me to a number that was not working.
But I got paperwork saying it was not paid that it was denied.
'Cause representative was unable to find out why it was denied.
So but I got it was approved and I called back to get my membership number today and it starts on June the first.
I really don't know of anything that could have been done any better because the young lady is going to be checking in to two items that were charged and we're checking into it to find out what it is and who it is and why it was done.
Because I did not have anything on my calendar showing that I was at a doctor's office or that anything was sent to me that I (unclear).
I got the information needed and very promptly and pleasantly.
It took awhile for them to figure out why I got a denial of claim but other than that no problems.
I got the information that I needed.
This time I got my information very quickly and thoroughly.
I could not have asked for any better service than she gave me.
Nothing really except I was put on hold for quite awhile at one point just to get through to somebody that was just it.
I could've got a hold of the other department I needed quicker.
I got all the help I needed.
Actually (unclear) she answered my questions about the fitness program and also reminded me about my annual physical check up.
I was just calling to get an idea of how much it would be for my dental.
Notified me while she had me on call.
Because when I spoke with the first person earlier in the day I gave them the wrong date of service.
And they told me that they would send them on a.
And I did not receive what I had asked for.
He helped me with providers and co pays and it was just the information I was looking for.
I can't think of anything I needed that I didn't received today.
She explained something that was never written on any of the paperwork and how you went from.
she had still had my wrong address in the system.
As I was asking why there was a charge for wellness test which I was told there would be no charge.
(Unclear) was not well versed when describing the insurance information that I was seeking.
The information that was discussed was done professionally and efficiently so I don't have any complaints no issues to resolve.
Well the letters that I received seemed to be sent to me in error.
Just on some occasion I have found myself waiting awhile to get to a representative and on a couple of occasions in the last six months I was.
I had no problems with the technician but I just have a problem with the answer that I got.
today when I called they said their computers were down.
The reason I gave a nine is because I don't know if my issue will be satisfied but I was given some referrals which is what I called for.
Everything I needed (unclear) that I needed was satisfactory and complete.
So it seems like my call may not have been (unclear) because I really wanted to know before I had the test done if it was covered.
I had a claim denied and you put a note on there that it had been denied.
Everything was correct and I should not have received this letter.
I got the account all the answers I needed.
Simply stated I had to ask a lot of questions because information was not volunteered.
I did gain more information as I went through it.
We discussed this this morning before she left for the office and I couldn't get it done because of your constraints.
I mean I got the information I needed and you all took care of everything so.
The lady took care of everything for me.
I got the answer I wanted so I have no suggestions.
The agent is supposed to call me back in about an hour or so and we're going to see if we can get things resolved.
I got hung up on the first time that I called.
There is nothing that could have been any better than the service I received on the phone from Whitney.
She gave me all the information I needed.
No problems that I had talking with the representative.
And I was at the right place you know making a phone call.
I wanted the right answer and I got it.
And I asked about that today and the information wasn't available to my representative.
My phone call with Jennifer just previous to this survey went fine.
And gave me complete information and additional information that I didn't know.
And they checked everything I needed to.
Although I know it takes time to research and get back with the information that I needed.
I was just on the phone 15 minutes.
Previously they had been passing me along from one phone to another and they made me wait too long.
I was calling to find out if I could get a letter that says that my tests that I had approved previously were going to be covered.
She gave me the information I needed.
She was kind enough to actually call the facility and dig deeper into my question.
Sent me a book so I didn't have to make this phone call.
I needed a book with all the doctors in it and I did not have one.
When I first called in I told them I needed online technical support and I was sent to the wrong department.
I finally got rerouted to the correct account.
You could have just sent the check and with no further (unclear) .
I tried to get back to you on your.
I had to get to you on my back of my card and that worked out fine.
putting in the date that I had the call in screening and she kept.
And I tried 3 times and then finally she said that she would get a representative.
You gave me all the information that I needed.
Your representative called them while I was on the line and got the whole matter straightened out.
Initially when I called I said I was not going to take the survey and I waited on line for at least 9 minutes and nobody came to answer my call.
came back one time just to make sure I was still holding and then disappeared for the longest time to where I just ended up hanging up.
It seems several other calls I've had the problem was not resolved and I did not get a callback as I was promised.
And gave me the information I needed.
Took care of everything I needed.
Took the time to get the information that I needed.
I've been on the phone for literally hours now.
Gave me information I really needed.
So I guess the first time when I called was an address change.
I've called my advocate a couple of times first time to get some information and then I had to call back a second time because I didn't get the information and after the second time they still haven't sent me the information and at no time did the did I get a call back from them to ask if I got what I if I got what I was requesting.
I was on hold for half an hour before I got to her.
Information that was given at my first phone call was totally incorrect so that could have been better.
I had to call to find out who this doctor was that was listed.
I got more information than I had planned on when I called.
The service thought would help me out and it will and I will plan to get a home evaluation here later on.
If I had known up front that I was going to need addresses and phone numbers I would have had them available.
I'm actually completely happy with my phone call and the results I got from it.
Today for the first time I got the answer I needed almost immediately.
I had a question on a medication and he answered and I double checked.
I had to ask the questions and got great answers but I had to ask if I needed my primary care physicians referral and I had to ask if there was a co-pay for x-rays if x-rays are called for.
I was just upset because we're at the last day of the month and I still haven't received my bill.
I've made my payment and that was my issue.
I spoke with Berg yesterday and help with an appeal that should have been filed earlier this month to discover that my doctor did not file it.
And wanted to say that he went out of his way to help me and even went so far as to connect me to my physician's office.
That I was on the phone for so long.
I had some reports will be coming and I got a lot of double reports and I'm adding them up and I said this ain't adding up right.
That's why I had to call AARP and find out what was going on.
You even knew my phone number that I called in with.
There was a little bit of a wait time in the beginning when I was transferred to the correct department but other than that everything was fine.
I think I could have received a little more information about just about my new policy earlier.
In the pre recording the determination of what problem I had I felt it was insufficient in putting me through to a service representative right away.
My first 10 attempts I was disconnected when they said they were going to transfer me to someone who could help.
I had to call 3 times before I got this wonderful gal Sandy.
It's been like 7 days to make sure I got it.
My call got cut off and they haven't called me.
And gave me the information that I needed.
Because I made a call earlier this week that I was on the phone for 30 minutes just trying to get general information and help.
Last year I tried to get a spine specialist and I was refused to go to the place I wanted to go and then nobody called me back for a month to give me another name.
So I got the answers to my question.
When I called in it took me five different attempts and transfers and three different times to call back and then to reach the right person.
It was so many digits and so many numbers and letters and all this and it was confusing.
I just needed to know if something was in the plan and they did find out for me.
So I wish I would've known that in advance because I misunderstood that information when I took this plan.
He spoke with the representative from (Unclear) Company and he also spoke with a supervisor and they're trying to work out the issue on the billing of the bill that I received.
All the information I needed was given to me.
She gave me all the information I need.
Well I was on hold while the rep was looking up because his computer wasn't was acting up waiting while I was waiting for him.
Evidently I got disconnected because I got directed straightly to the survey.
She spent an hour and 45 minutes with me about my prescriptions because we're going out of the country.
I was moving around so if you'll send me a book with information on what I can get and everything I would appreciate it.
I spoke to a customer service representative many times and this issue is still not settled.
With my experiences of the services I've had there's nothing I could.
And I got the information I was looking for.
I waited on the line for about 9 minutes to get a response actually.
They took (unclear) to a voicemail and it was call back for me.
I was transferred 4 5 6 7 times to get to the right department.
I got all the information.
On the first question you asked me I hit the zero and I meant to hit one zero.
Which since I asked the doctor a question it was not a wellness visit but it turned into an office visit.
But Michael had to check on several different things and he made some calls.
The one thing that could've been done better was to check on the passport program.
And she gave me all the information that I was requesting and she's such an asset to your company.
(Unclear) I called I got transferred twice and then I got hung up on.
Her help did not have anything to do with the forms to fill out.
Well yesterday I called to get an address for appeals and I believe I was given wrong information.
what I asked for was never sent out.
Other than that the phone call was gave me the information I needed.
Well the pharmacy he just hung up on me after he got what I needed.
He just hooked me up to this automated system and that was it.
I took your instructions off of the bill and went in and it does not work.
on my previous phone call when I called a week ago.
She took the information down put me on hold and never came back.
So like I say the first phone call that I made a week ago it was not good at all.
We were clearly given instructions we helped for the information.
I mean I get told I gave them the wrong member number.
I asked for a printout because I had gotten several different print outs.
She asked me to hang on the line so that she didn't have to call me back.
This gal that was on the phone with me I would give her more than a 10.
Not transferred me 6 times but got me to the right person maybe the first or second but not 6 times.
He apparently made a couple of phone calls and resolved it with the criteria that y'all had.
I had to call 3 times to get through.
I was disconnected twice in trying to call through.
All of my questions are answered I was doing pre surgical checks to see what was and what wasn't covered and everything was answered.
So I had to call today and none was sent to him even though he was on my plan.
She was supposed to get her supervisor for me.
When I called and asked for a book to be sent out it should've been sent out in the beginning of May.
Now I still have to wait another 10 days for the book.
He gave me the doctors that I needed.
And she checked with them and found out why.
So I called back to find out if there's any way I could do the survey for her.
On my first attempt to speak with a representative I was disconnected.
Sent me my insurance cards because I had no idea what was going on.
Found the money that I had already sent you.
I paid my bill twice.
So I paid the bill twice.
I spent 1 hour and 18 minutes on the phone trying to get this resolved.
And I do not want to go and spend another hour and 18 minutes on the phone trying to figure out one bill.
I had to wait 25 minutes on the telephone.
I was calling in for a redo and I had to go through three different people to get it done but it was done beautifully.
The first time I called I got forwarded and it rang once and the phone was totally dead.
(Unclear) an exceptional job in locating a place where I could get a chest X ray and had to go through a bunch of different angles to figure out where to go.
I filled out everything online with the help of Desiree and then I clicked go ahead and do it and you know.
I had all the answers I needed.
I think when I got this letter saying I would not.
The thing I wanted just before was I needed a new catalog with doctor's names.
It's been 3 months since I got it and I haven't received it yet and the lady that I spoke to today states that she is sending it out right away.
I just had a question about receiving another paper about my rewards but that has already been sent.
Answered all my questions that I needed to know.
I had to call twice because the first time you guys put me on hold and disconnected me.
I'm supposed to get a call back Monday morning to make sure the issue was resolved.
I got the information I needed to know.
I mean the lady answered the phone before it even rang through.
But they told me that I needed to go online and I don't (unclear) went on their Internet and then I didn't feel comfortable with putting (unclear) didn't even know what (unclear) I was going through.
I don't know because I didn't have the information I needed to give the person.
statements that I received was very confusing.
That's why I had to call customer service.
So I've got everything I need and she told me when I need the proof of purchase and so I thought that was it.
I was on the phone for two hours.
The first call they said they never heard of that form or seen it.
So they sent me a letter to fill out another reimbursement and I did.
I've had 2 today and I didn't get to give theses ratings to the first person that I talked to.
She gave me information that I needed and where I need to go to get what I need.
I got all the information I needed.
The only thing I can think of would be a quicker response time without so many levels to have to go through but the agent was very good and resolved my issue.
And she gave me all the numbers which I could reach out to.
I put in my date of birth at least 5 times and she still didn't get it.
He gave me the information that I needed and explained how insurance policy works to begin with.
So Adriana did an entirely perfect job and the wait time was zero.
At this point in time I got the answers that I needed so nothing can be done on my end that I would need to have better help with my phone call.
I not have enough information for you to fill my to tell me what I needed to know.
I needed I didn't need the program anymore.
He gave me all the information I needed.
Even read out all the information that he found (unclear) that I needed.
The last person David and that care complete I never got to talk to because this survey popped up.
Got my answer and everything's taken care of.
I wanted it to be mailed to me.
I've had a lot of opportunities to call customer service and probably all but maybe one.
I think today the person who assisted me from customer service had taken away all of my doubts.
He gave me the locations and the numbers of the vision plan that I needed to see and he also updated my information.
I got everything I needed today.
He was able to fix this error that occurred a couple months ago.
I got all the information I needed.
or she said that she would send the information about it.
I called because I been double paying my payments.
So I'm really disappointed that I mean I spent an hour on the phone with somebody.
We set me all up on the new plan we got everything we picked out doctors and none of it's on the card that I got.
I did get all the information.
I had made the call before to get a change of address and I reached somebody that I could not understand at all.
The girl gave me the information I need and advice to call if there were any more lab works done.
Well I had to go through a zillion operators a zillion people but it was well worth it.
I did not finish my phone call (unclear) because somehow she disappeared (unclear).
Direct me to the place I needed to go to get help.
I was directed to about five different places before I got to the right one.
I wasn't given accurate information the first time I called and so I had to call again.
However it took him a long time to look up the drug information and I think it should be made easier for them to do that.
So I told her to hang up because I had to take a survey.
And they're going to send me a copy of the dental platinum rider for which I just paid 30 dollars.
I needed a little bit more information than I received.
He wasn't available it wasn't available for me according to this person with whom I was speaking.
I had to redo the whole thing because they transferred me and I never got through.
There is nothing that could have been done better except I was transferred from one operation to another but it was incorrect but that's okay.
However your automated system when I first called I had to go through a whole bunch of responses and then when I press zero because I had other issues and needed to speak to a representative.
This was very disconcerting and the individual indicated that you had no record of that.
I got all the information I needed.
And took care of the problems that I was experiencing with my mother's account.
I only had to wait about 15 seconds to get the right person.
Checked with a technicality regarding the doctor I'm seeing today and everything worked out fine.
They had changed it to another company but they never informed us regarding that.
I signed in and I did not get to the correct spot initially.
I didn't know I was in a separate account even though I was in the family plan.
And gave me detailed answers that I needed.
I had a broken tooth and the customer service agent even called for me and did everything for me.
I got the answer that I needed so I got the answer.
You gave me all kinds of information even though I didn't ask (unclear) directed me in the right direction.
She even offered to call the hospital for me to try and make payment arrangements.
When I made my initial call in a gentleman's voice came on asking me to complete a survey and if I completed it then I could have a chance to win a free cruise.
This is the first time I have called your company and I was treated real nicely.
But the gentleman today went and took care of that for me and got it added to my policy.
The first representative didn't seem to understand why I was calling and I was put on hold while he checked.
So I just made an error on that first question.
I my I have to wait another seven to ten days to get my confirmation.
He took time to get me the information that I needed.
The first call I made I could not understand her.
So I went and had to leave in a panic and call around.
She kept me on the phone until everything was completed.
She found information that other reps did not find.
The phone call you know took quite some time to do.
I had George yesterday tried for a lengthy time to straighten this out and got it mostly straightened out.
It took 3 times to get it fixed.
Then I have to pay copays.
Contacted the doctor that I wanted to see.
I was concerned about my mother traveling out of the state and it.
I was amazed that when I called you knew I was calling about a denial of service.
if I was asked to rate her from one to ten.
When I asked would any Walgreens suffice or does it have to be the one that she pulled up.
I could've gotten my packet in the mail like I was told I was going to.
It couldn't been done any better than the person that answered the phone call.
It would nice if someone could help me on the line before you asked me for a survey.
I had no other questions and I'll call back if do.
And the young man that answered the call this time on the second call because I accidentally hung up for the survey behind Ms Sharon.
Your representative handled it (unclear) gave me all the answers that I needed.
On the call today I did not find anything wrong.
They said that Social Security would take one to two months but they did not explain in the letter that they.
I had no problems with the call at all everything was fine.
I was not transferred on the first attempt to a customer representative I had to redial it again.
And it took a really long time and then I wanted to make a direct payment and I was supposed to be connected to that department and I wasn't so I don't know what to do now.
There was nothing that you could have done better it was so very helpful just happened with the call we needed to make they were closed the doctor's was closed today.
The efforts to find out why I had received a call and it could not have been any better.
He got all my information that I needed in a timely manner.
I called one number and that wasn't the right number and they gave me the number to call and I got the information I needed.
He agreed to check with my dentist and then call me back and give me the answer.
I called your organization first and explained my situation.
Instead of staying on the line for more than five minutes that perhaps a person would have a list of immunizations that were covered by my policy but they resolved my questions and that's all I needed thank you.
I had to call and then they referred me to the vision-.
I needed clarification on the (unclear) charge the representative did try to clarify but there still was some questions raised and I was (unclear) that I had to go back and consult the hospital or the ambulance service.
With my request and it was probably one of the most pleasant experiences I have with an insurance company and trying to get records.
I was transferred around so many times that it was difficult to wait to be transferred from (unclear) to another to another.
Well I tried calling that number and I have not been able to get into it.
But if I hadn't had to call in the first place.
The one thing would've been not to have mailed me everything at my old address.
And so that's why I called and if the people could've deflected that I owed them fifty dollars that would've been fine.
So I called to make the difference and find out whether I owed it to them or not.
I think that I received a service that I was looking for.
The only thing I had to in between the two representatives was kind of a long waiting period.
The full amount plus the amount I really wanted to pay.
So I check my bank and sure enough he had done just exactly that.
finally a supervisor explained it to me.
Told me that if I canceled on the first that I would still have to do a month.
When I went to call I just got the last half of a recording.
So I didn't get any of the information I was looking for.
On the call before today I was told one thing.
What could have been done better for the previous phone call would have been them to actually sign me up for the dental plan that I had asked for.
I had to wait online for quite a while.
I just need to call at earlier hours.
you had already paid the first one than that would've been helpful.
She told me exactly where I needed to look on my EOB and we resolved my question.
No everything was fine except I have problems hearing on the phone.
not your personally but one of the other representatives that I had called and spoke to a week and a half ago.
She got the information for me cuz she didn't have it right at her finger tips.
Just we didn't have access to the information I needed.
So I went to the good folks at UHC and talked with a gentleman explaining our problem and hope that somebody would give us a call then I went to the survey.
and we were both looking through the plan and then I found it.
Even though they took my insurance I thought I had to go by his referral.
There's no need to change and the person I talked to was adequately informed regarding my question.
The main reason I called was unclear of one of the questions on the form and that was taken care of with no problem.
I think that my call and questions were handled without any problem and you did everything just fine.
Maybe I punched some wrong keys by mistake.
I got the information I needed and the service phone number but then it was very professional.
The first one was real quick but it took her a while while I was on hold for her to pull up the second information.
Explained the problem I had and clarified it for me.
It was difficult the first time to get in and solve the over the phone worked fine the conversation.
What could've been better had you sent me a letter addressing the issue.
I pushed the wrong button there.
He took care of everything I needed.
She went the extra time to answer any questions that I had.
My representative was wonderful but it was for a number that I call in on it.
I had to go to a live agent rather than the automation person.
I was hoping she could have only canceled two products instead of the whole order.
It didn't help that my phone cut them off at one point but everything got taken care of and I really appreciate their efforts.
That's why I'm calling today is that I got a phone call that was pertaining about medicine to another patient.
I've been very happy with my insurance up until a few weeks ago when all of a sudden I started receiving notices from an outfit called Well Med.
I called because United is available seven days a week from 8 to 8 but Well Med I finally got a number that someone at United thought was Well Med is closed until Monday.
I got all the information I called for.
I got the information that I needed.
I needed to know when my last physical was but she didn't see it in the computer.
I have no problem because the call was excellent.
She did offer to transfer me to the dental department but I stayed on the line for so long that I was waiting for the survey to come up.
Because he had to get all the information that I needed and it took him a few extra minutes to do it.
I had to go through the main number and have them transfer me over in order to get things to work which eventually it did.
I just don't I can't remember but he explained to me and said that if I came back to him I could appeal and he would help me with the appeal because the charge was significantly a significant overcharge.
I received all the information I need.
I'm just waiting to see whether all the information that I requested has changed.
Never left me a follow up phone call or how I could get in touch with him.
And after talking to Angelina I we found out that the wrong forms were sent to us that we had filled out.
They wee 5 pages that we filled out and then sent over.
I got the service I wanted in a timely fashion.
I was surprised to find out after giving them my number that I was not available to get the life line.
I can pay $308.
I just had to wait a little bit for the information but really everything went smoothly and fine.
I obtained what I needed and it was easy to obtain.
I was just calling to pay my invoices and she offered other assistance.
I got a confusing letter and it just doesn't.
When I called there was a wait time.
I was sick and I'm making my payments and I'm going to get caught up.
Well in this situation in this case I got all the information that I was looking for.
