Get me on the original plan instead of having another one when I move to another state.
(Unclear) my preliminary mailing should've been stated that the drug card would come separate from my membership ID card because I had to make the phone call to find that out.
I couldn't get on the Internet to make my payment and I was very glad that the young lady said that I could make the payment there.
Just calling to get my address changed.
My situation was not resolved I was given 2 different toll free numbers to call to follow up onn my own and this is the third time I'm having this problem.
Well number one the information in the book supplied was incorrect and sort of embarrassed me alright because I'm going by your book and talking with doctors and the pharmacy and I had incorrect information even though the book said I had something covered.
I was on the phone for almost an hour talking to 4 different people and having to give all my information over and over and over again.
And I thank the agent who work with me to get my information.
I had a cover letter with all of my pertinent ID numbers and date of service and all that and a paid bill for it.
It was an out of network service that I was asking for reimbursement on.
I was trying to (unclear) from my bill what period of time it's billing for.
Didn't know why I received the refund check and she couldn't tell me.
So the check I received was I think a couple months ago for $27 which is the same amount (unclear) doesn't make any sense to me that I got it and that's why I did not give a ten today like I usually do.
I gave them his national provider number and now I have to go back to the doctor's office and tell them they have to call UHC.
Nothing as far as the service I received on the phone I appreciate Daphne's time that she took to clarify the problems I was having with the billing.
got my answer right away and I have no complaint about the service.
They're gonna send me a form to see if I could reimbursed.
if it's a tier 3 if somebody tells me then I can call in and have it approved.
Each time that I was called the payment arrangement was not even written down and there should be a record of it and that's the only problem I had.
Because sometimes my appointments creep up on me and you know I forget to call to make sure that the referrals been done.
they call from the optical company they told them I wasn't even listed.
The only issue I would say is on your menu time when you start trying to sell me other items and I want to talk to an agent.
There was nothing you could do better for me on the call but on your website you need to update the information.
I had received a robo call from another branch of UHC asking me to update my personal information and I personally am not going to give my personal information out to a robo call.
Put this information I got had to call for on my card.
I called up to find out who my new provider was.
Find it easier to answer the questions that I ask about surgery.
Well I tried the best I could but I got more information when I got a customer service online.
No this particular call was good I find your online service if you will is a little less then accurate getting a hold of problems getting on to your system.
It just that I'm waiting for my card and I've been waiting for a month and hopefully it will get to me today.
last year I couldn't collect my gift cards because I couldn't do the computer thing.
We got something in the mail saying if the primary care provider was incorrect to please call and change it.
the information rather that she was receiving or getting for me.
I feel that (unclear) the whole bill which mine was $430.
I had to put this fax number on a requisition form for a procedure that I'm going to be doing.
I talked to Kim and she answered my question about if my payment was already taken out of my checking account.
(Unclear) I was not paying the bills which was not linked to my account.
I had no problems and no issues with this phone call today.
My first call it took a little time and other than me having to wait on the phone I don't really have a problem with your service.
I just don't want to miss getting it in or miss it in the mail so I just needed to mark my calendar so I know when to put through the payment.
Once you make your statement when you call in that you're calling to make a payment that should be something that the representative already knows and I understand that they do have to ask for your date of birth but more than twice is too much.
In my previous call no one has gone as far as the current person that I've been talking to today which is the date is May the 1st 2018.
Been talking to a gentleman and he put a misappropriated research for a check that had gone through my bank has gone through your company to see where it may have been misapplied.
Today he is the only one that has gone that extra step and they found a check but yet they don't know what account that it was applied to and he's going to be calling me back today.
Be able to speak to the person that's responsible for the decision to overturn my appeal and why I wasn't paid in full.
Didn't have a problem with liked the explanations that were given to me on April I'm sorry on May the 1st and these were questions I asked for items that came up on billing back in March and part of April.
The service could not be done better than it is every month when I make my payment.
It took me 35 minutes to get a prescription information on where to mail a prescription so that I could use the mail in service that Opium offers.
It would've been nice to have talked to someone right off the bat who could help me with my problem instead of waiting 35 minutes and listening to 4 other people and giving my information out 5 different times.
You disconnected me and sent me immediately to you know this number that I'm at right now.
So I don't know whether the customer service representatives hung up the phone or if it was just a telephone you know computer glitch but that was the only thing.
Tammy's assistance today did resolve my problem however this same issue has been occurring since January of this year.
They answered my phone they answered the phone and I got a customer service quickly.
You seem to have all the information readily at hand to look up my account and the things we're discussing.
That they sent me the wrong gift card and I can't use it.
Had a form available to submit denials instead of me having to write a specific letter.
The only problem was not with the person who answered the phone but the information that they had was old information and that's exactly what happened every time I call.
To update that information and make sure they have the same information in their system as I have on my card.
You guys have been on point each and every phone call I've had and have resolved the situation in an expeditious manner.
That prevented me from accessing my account for quite a while.
I tried to sign up for Optum Rx and log in the system.
I don't have any problems with the way you treat me on the phone.
I hit the wrong button your first question.
So I have to just redial and wait on the phone (unclear) and finally this lady Shannon she picked up the phone she was she went over her limits.
The issue was simply a courtesy call to remind me of my balance that I owe which you know will be brought up to date this month.
Today is just the first so I haven't had a chance to send in the balance with is 98 dollars which will be taken care of this month.
If you could make it where we could call back in and reach the same person through a badge number or a telephone number so that you don't have to go through explaining exactly what's happened over and over to somebody.
Some of the information that Mary was looking up for me could be added to the customer's web portal so that I could look this information up myself like the link to the dentists in my area or the list of (unclear) or places where I can get.
And she told me to feel free to call at any time should I need those resources or further information.
I've been using this card ever since I was transferred over to this with the my employee number XXX group XXX.
I understand you don't have my phone number but (unclear) there is a lack of information according to who I am.
I kept calling the number to get a new prescription drug card as indicated on the back of my part D card and it said that number was no longer valid to call the same number again and again so finally I had to choose a different option to get a human being and give me the correct number.
I already called to have the size of my pull up underwear changed from medium to large and (unclear) telephone calls that I needed to call I still did not get the understanding why it was such a problem of my having this done.
I was asking the price of a drug if I bought it at a Cosco pharmacy and the woman was looking it up and then the phone got disconnected and your survey started.
Yeah I had one more question to ask the representative but I got directed to the survey so I didn't get the chance.
But in the future I think your representatives need to be carefully informing subscribers to this program that if they receive a late enrollment penalty notification they do need to act on it.
And I always have to show 'em my ID for it.
I called to get a (unclear) Test mailed to my house and I believe I requested it twice never did get it had to call back a 3rd time.
I'm still waiting on them to pick up the phone to give them what I need to give them and so I have not even been waited on and I've been on this phone for more than 10 minutes.
I tried 4 or 5 times to connect and the phone service was terrible.
Where you gave your name and stuff like that and then it said yes or no and it wouldn't take my yes or no.
The representative was trying to find a doctor and there wasn't a list so she's continuing after the phone call looking for a doctor for me and she's going to call me back.
On the website not to go back and start over every time I select a new date.
They were requesting information about a card that I do not have yet.
Not have to enter your account number because every time I started to put it in it would over (unclear) trying to enter.
So I'm able to access my account again so everything's all fine.
I replied twice by mail and twice by talking to somebody on the phone.
Gave me all the information I needed doing tremendous follow up beyond the call to get me more information.
There seems to be a lot of confusion in your operations and depending on who I call I get a different answer.
The agent answered my questions gave me the information that I needed to proceed with my you know my coverage of my plan.
I showed them my card and they said we'll re code it and send it in.
Yet I keep getting a bill for a $173.
I had to call twice because when I was transferred to the customer service regarding the Silver Sneakers program no one answered.
This is the 3rd time I've had to call about the same problem and I've sent 2 letters before.
On my way into surgery so I may not be able to get a letter taken care of before that happens and it would've been much easier for me to be able to send an email with an appeal.
Well (unclear) whenever I receive a telephone call to have the operator when you give me a telephone number to give it slowly enough so that I would get the telephone number correctly.
You could've had my mailing address correct so I would've gotten the proper mail.
The person that sent the health assessment sent it to my physical address and I'm in a little community and I did not get that.
I have faster answers on cost and percentage although this situation was very complex.
And apparently United sent me the wrong forms to seek reimbursement according to the person I spoke with today.
if I call twice I'll get two different answers regarding any given issue.
I always give you a four because the service is excellent.
Totally satisfied with the response I got from the customer service rep.
I would've liked to have had that clarified earlier so I could've gone to the right provider in the first place.
It would've helped if I had the website on the back of my card where I could just go online and find out myself whether or not my doctor is in the network.
Well I was looking forward getting my gift cards because of the fact that I've completed mostly all of the stuff that your you guys that required of me.
Well I didn't get my answer back I received a phone call yesterday from this somebody by the name Rhonda.
Every time I try and log into your website I have.
It would have been easier to be able to scan the power of attorney and email it rather than having to put it in the US mail.
The young lady helped me greatly but it's the service to trying to find out the phone and who to call me on this phone maybe could be a fraud if it weren't from UHC with somebody I didn't know and I got the number and (unclear) on all she could do but I'm disappointed.
The one thing I would recommend is when you leave a message on the answering machine like an auto message that came into my house.
She helped me set up the paperless accounts so I don't have to be getting the notifications in the mail and (unclear) with no bumps.
The only thing would be if I didn't have to go through the automated system and could connect directly with a representative.
I just need to update your computer with doctor's information's because the numbers that I was given in the Portland Maine area are all changed or out of service.
Yes the only thing that was bad is it took 55 minutes to resolve a password problem.
The machine tried three times and couldn't read my telephone number that I typed in.
I entered the number by the keypad very carefully very clearly that I hear it click and it's not received correctly and not received.
It would've been of course the most helpful if the problem that I prevented could have been resolved immediately on the phone.
If you want me to answer a survey please let me talk to a customer service prior to doing this stupid survey.
This is my first time calling in and by giving my phone number and all they could not find my that I'm even insured.
Your robot that answers the phone could not understand the numbers that I put in.
I find that your company is very cumbersome to deal with and seems like it takes a long time for people to look up information or whatever and give it to you.
So you hold a long time and you know I've even called not this call but another call and I wasn't sure of a provider and a lab and I didn't really get that information.
Your answering machine has difficulty understanding my voice because it breaks so often and I have to keep repeating the information due to that.
I was totally happy and especially how quickly I got to an actual customer service rep that could help me rather than stay on the phone like some of them have after a hundred prompts.
I like being able to reach a representative without going through a lot of telephone prompts.
She helped me log in using that new health save number instead of my old ID had expired.
But that's not my telephone call that's the correspondence I've received.
And I just wish it was a little easier to just get transferred and making sure that I get the call effectively completed without being an advocacy to help me.
Gave me a telephone that I needed to get hold somebody to check on my coverage.
Everything was okay except I did have trouble with the system receiving my telephone number I had to enter it 3 times.
Listen to the patient when speaking and try to get the information correct.
Okay I really don't have complaints whatsoever the customer service representative was named Faith.
I was confused and didn't know if I owed money or what because they said I could pay it over the phone.
Better if you sent your welcome package and your card information early like I did.
They send it out on April 11th and this is May 2nd and still not received a thing.
The process took a while longer than I expected the computer apparently wasn't working very well.
The doctor mails it in and then you call and tell them (unclear).
I just would prefer that as a way of noting that in my checkbook as a reminder so that I'm in balance on a day to day basis.
He is he did work around that apparently to send me an email of some sort.
It just seems like it would be good streamlining thing to send out an automatic text or email saying that an electronic transfer has been made of the whatever prescribed amount is to the checking account.
I wish that we could (unclear) members that we have to give to your company for to make a payment.
Would like to get the written information from the insurance showing what we owe a little quicker than we do so that I wouldn't have to make the call to begin with.
I would like to have a (unclear) mailed to my service.
The (unclear) the insurance of my (unclear) and also I could have received the call ahead of time.
I was asking for a name and number where a provider could call someone for a personal conversation and I didn't really get that.
Maybe quit asking me to verify my birthday and name so many times.
You know checked it out got the spelling made sure he checked my birth date and my zip code etcetera.
you know I get the automated first and before we could get transferred to a representative to talk to.
So problem was not with the representative it was with the automated stuff prematurely disconnecting me.
Your computer was very slow to have the person bring up the information.
After finding out that my plan is still in force and effective there were no changes made and there were no requests made by me of any changes.
Have your computers running properly they were running a little bit slow.
And it's asking for all of this information so I'm having a problem filling out the form without making a lot of calls and doing a lot of work myself.
And informed me of how to find out my payment options and when I would be getting a bill.
I was calling about some bills that were not paid and I'll have to wait (unclear) to call the company that the bills came from.
The customer service rep has helped me with all my problems and I haven't had any issues with them.
It would be better if you had information right in front of the agent so we didn't always have to look up the provider list which takes a long time.
To get a little patient not to be in a hurry and try to get me off the phone okay.
If you could send me out the booklets that I requested which I hope she did (unclear) they will be sent.
It would have been helpful if the person that answered the phone could explain me to what is on this form that I got.
I am waiting after the person I was speaking with makes a call and then I'll find out if it's resolved.
It would be great if you could have the bill payment be just (unclear) the automated system instead of having hold to speak to a representative.
The one thing is when the phone is answered by the first person she answers the phone she asks so many questions and allows too much space in between I mean blank time between the next question.
they told me you know to call the customer service number and of course the customer service people were not told about the phone call.
I'm still waiting for a call back to see if my.
All they had was just credit or debit card and I had to wait for a representative and then give all my information again.
He's going to get back to me on Friday to complete what I have discussed with him regarding how my name is listed for providers to use and Leondray was most helpful and as I said he's going to get back to me Friday.
As a matter of fact when I got disconnected (unclear) when I got my benefits interrupted there was a computer glitch.
Well you could've had more information for your agents so she can answered it.
understanding what my telephone person was explaining to me.
Another thing you could have done better is the first time I called I was transferred from sales in to somebody else.
You should have a list of diabetic test strips that you cover listed somewhere on your webpage so I don't have to go through a laborious task of getting them all from the representative and writing them down one by one.
There are a lot of variations of the address that I should use in order to access your website and it's very confusing but I think I have it down pat now.
All I'm trying to do is get a form mailed out to me.
It's just a form and when I get it I'll fill out the personal information and mail it back to you.
Well if I could have had my question answered but I understand that the department that I needed to talk to is closed so I'll just call back tomorrow.
But speaking to the pharmacist by trying to get to the doctor but you can't reach doctor's at the (unclear) office at 5 O'clock at night.
The phone connection was not quite as clear as I would've hoped it would've been but it may well be because of the distance of where you are and where I am.
It not has to be require me to apparently it needed a pre authorization which was never informed to me before.
Found out why I could not use the website.
I have to talk to the tech service people to get an answer and I'm not sure they can give me an answer.
And she started to say oh you've got a payment late here.
And I was told where to send in in Salt Lake City but I was not told I needed a form to fill out to get this reimbursement.
Well they say they never received it so now the prescription's lost the paperwork's lost that I sent to the man luckily I made copies of it.
So now this wonderful lady that helped me today Samantha is sending me a form which'll take another 7 to 10 days to get it here.
didn't have it explained to me right to start with and if I had then you would've received everything you needed so that I would already be receiving my check or shortly receiving my check.
She answered all my questions and is going to send me the necessary information to file the claim.
Let me know whether or not I had to make a payment now.
Second of all you could direct mail to the correct address so that I wouldn't have lost my coverage Because you could add the correct address when I moved I lost my coverage.
Could make it so that I didn't have to call three times to get an issue resolved.
Either text email a phone call something to let me know that things have been changed.
How about making your three hundred and some page annual notice of changes a little easier to find the information I needed instead of having to call.
Someone needs to fix your website so that you can change your mailing address and it will go through period.
It asks for your change and you check it but it never changes it.
So the best thing for me to do is consult my senior old ladies at the senior center and get feedback information that way.
The issue that I had was your one of your websites was down.
it wasn't explained to me in full the when I first got the insurance but today's phone call was very helpful.
I guess you could do better by not having me repeat my account number on the phone.
I have been trying to update my information and it's hard for me to keep telling you over and over about this it should be one time not 12 phone calls to get this all squared away.
(Unclear) your computer system had a hard time understanding what I was talking about needing a billing person.
When I call with business oriented questions I don't want the time filled up with chit chat.
I needed clarification of a billing and the personnel there did try to help me did tell me what I owed.
Nothing on the call however I do have a serious complaint about the inefficiency of your website.
I realize that my call to the customer service department was a website error that was effecting many subscribers however my problem with your website have been going on since 2015.
The one problem was when I tried to call the number for the appeals representatives the number they gave me 8 or excused me 7864375444 is like a dead end number that just doesn't take messages and there's nobody there so whatever that problem is could be resolved.
But I did give the person the tag number that's on the website so you guys could improve it.
It's the only request that I made in the last 6 months so that's why I may have pressed a 1.
So Wanda will send me the letter and hopefully will help me get my money back.
The automated service is okay but there are parts that make it difficult and sometimes need you need to repeat things you know repeat like a number or whatever it is.
I got a bill that I shouldn't have got and something was sent to the wrong place and the managed to fix the whole thing from a (unclear).
Your computer web site trying to get on the rewards program we tried for an hour and couldn't figure out the program and how to get into it and how to get signed up for the rewards.
We had to make a phone call to do it and I don't like the computer program you guys have for the rewards trying to get into the system.
To be honest it was the most pleasant experiences I've had as far as phone calls are concerned with any type of business or health issue.
You could've told me on the 1st call I made instead of the 3rd call that I could've gone online and got the information that I needed online.
Could have let me know well in advance that my coverage was going to be terminated rather than sending me a letter which arrived here 2 days after my plan was canceled.
Your automated service is could not understand what I was saying and I had to repeat myself several times.
On the last call they sent the wrong information but that's alright.
I was told my credit card was updated.
myself calls in and gives the information through the automated phone system that the person that I'm speaking to should have that information available once we start our communication.
Thank you so much and I'm so sorry that because my card was stolen from my wallet which was in my purse but the purse was stolen I didn't realize it until I went to an appointment today and realized that I thought it was my wallet and of course it was not my old wallet and this.
So I just made another $80-85 payment and she told me that she's transferring me every time I get to a point on the phone they hang up on me.
How I know they hung up because the survey came on it's not until they hang up the survey comes on and every time I'm holding on then it causes me to call back at one time they hung up three times in one day after I spent at least an hour or more with the phone on them and that's unfair.
I have called no less than three to four times about this from the first of January and I'm still getting bills from Quest that'll going to send me to a collection agency now I can give you if you need any numbers like my ID or anything you probably already have that but if you need anything about this call today It's Mary Porke 4105491502 and I really was not pleased with the call today but the other ones I was.
It's not about the call it's about the paperwork and how they explained what was paid for and what wasn't.
I did not complete the transaction because (unclear) mother to be on the call as well even though I am an authorized representative (unclear).
Our issue with your company is that whoever you end up talking to does not seem to be in the right department (unclear) right issues to deal with our situation and we always get passed on and it usually turns out to be a normal five minute phone call turns out to be an hour and five minute phone call.
Plus they went above and beyond to address my concerns address my needs to find the best possible solution.
I had a problem because when you sent me an email I went to go in on that email and it sent me to the right spot to update my information but it wouldn't take it.
I had to then go and find your phone number and call you.
I would have liked to have done the survey after I finished with this call and the prior authorization but it wasn't possible.
I had to hang up and then go back and call the prior authorization call.
The agent and my self were unable to locate the section on worldwide and other words out of the US or overseas or worldwide we could no find the worldwide policy in my 2018 annual notice of changes in your handbook is difficult to follow since we're unable to find that section that's all I have today thanks.
Nothing at this time because I couldn't provide the correct information for your agent to try to to help me.
Well I was shifted from one department to another and then I waited on the other end for about 2 minutes never having talked with anybody and then this survey came on so nobody answered and then I got a survey about the service so that's the deal.
And I had a technology question because I got an error code on the website.
I gave you the money it's already out of my account in 2 days.
It would have been nice if my old information from last year would have been easier oh my land more easily accessible to the person looking it up.
I have been given the run around I have been on the phone this time over and hour other times 45 30 45 minutes.
And 'cause I had a huge dental bill to be done work to be done yesterday and I didn't understand all these code numbers.
So I just called the number on the card the customer service number that's it.
Actually all of my questions were answered today and I'm looking for a new doctor and I got the name of 3 with their phone numbers and addresses.
I needed to make 3 calls relative to this and you gave inaccurate information to a doctor.
Your representative that I reached at first was well that I just reached was very good at straightening it out calling the provider giving them the proper information.
She's going to be checking back with me on Tuesday which is when she'll be returning to work to see to do a follow up with me and see how everything else is going in her absence and if you know who this woman is I believe she's deserving of a raise because she has gone over and above and gave me answers to questions that were for the last three days otherwise unanswerable by other reps.
My phone number is 5686797 if someone would like to talk to me about that.
Yeah today it's ten minutes to three right now and I've been on the phone with UHC since 12:30 on and off with several different calls.
Hi yes the reception on the phone any time that I speak to a representative is horrible.
You could've done better by not sending me a notice of denial of payment that I didn't have to worry about.
However they didn't approve and I have to file a petition for appeal.
I just wish that I was able to earlier and that my information that come in the mail.
You could have given me instructions for an extended stay in the facility and I could not be told in the notice the information tells me it says you will not be charged for additional stays (unclear) effect.
I got a late charge because of a passport arrangement that I didn't realize I should've called on.
I just want to comment on the young man Brian who took care of my business here and answered my questions and took the next step forward in checking on a prior authorization by contacting my doctor's office and I'm so appreciative.
You could've gotten me to the correct department quicker.
When I first went on the call it identified my telephone number with my previous policy and told me my policy had expired and didn't connect up to my new policy so I was disappointed that I had to go through customer service to establish that I had the new policy in force.
The customer service personnel was excellent but that automatic system immediately identified me with my old policy so if you could fix that that would be great.
But this time you denied it on 4/5/18 and I (unclear) paid me $155.
for me it's a little bit frustration because I waited on the phone so long.
And she couldn't see where it was already pre approved even though I've been told by the electronics company that they've already got pre approval with you guys.
Sometimes when people are married and they're older like we are 42 years sending two copies of a card is a good idea as one person is like the secretary and does all the paperwork and the other person does all the other stuff in the house.
I am listed on there as a spokesperson for that which you will not accept a permanent address change.
I had lost my card and the doctor's office receptionist kept saying get the number off the back of your card.
It would be nice eventually if my mom's account can be paperless but that did not seem to be available.
She said she has to fax to the doctor and things like that (unclear) wait 72 hours.
I was I really hope you have that wellness calendar still and send out that list of to keep track of our exams that we take.
I misplaced them and I can't find them and I just wish I could get another set of calendar and notebook that lists the exams in the month.
She can't help me with my information or explain to me what's going on if the information that I have is not correct.
The lady had difficulty finding my theft report to be able to send to the doctor.
I do have to go through another step to determine more information and that is not under the control of the representative that I spoke with.
This is the 3rd time I have called about my explanation of benefits.
I'll know more when I get the explanation of benefits with that 3rd column filled out.
I've been working on an issue with getting into the archive from the website and it's been over a 6 week period and they escalated it to consumer portal work group and I'm optimistic that maybe I'll get a solution early next week.
It's like she's kind of in a tunnel and I don't have that with any other calls I make so I don't think it's my phone and I don't know if any of your other customers have that or not but that I could I had to ask her to repeat things several times because the quality of the volume was terrible.
You should have included the list of drugs in the booklet that is sent to us like you always did in years past.
As I was telling the operator that served me on this call I've been dealing with you personally at the encouragement of my wife for about 10 maybe as many as 12 years.
The young gentleman took quite a while to help me with my debit card payment.
Have had the website working so I could have made my payment online.
Yes I don't like the answering machines when you call get an automated thing.
my checks cross over in the mail to my billing and I have trouble every month.
I don't have to repeat my information 200 times.
Let me know that the website was down yesterday when I called instead of finding out today thank you.
To receive a call back number rather than somebody on the phone saying hold please because that is so disgusting.
I didn't write down the name but I don't know why the call was disconnected.
And my name is (unclear) Oliver and I live in Hampton Georgia and my phone number is 6787590599 you all have it.
Hi you could connect me to the department I need thank you without getting put on indefinite hold and having to call back.
It would've been nice to get some information needed but I might have to call back again which you know they said there was going to be a mailing and I should be getting a catalog which I've never gotten yet so I hope to get it.
I spoke with two representatives one in customer service who was excellent one in the rewards area that gave me conflicting information compared to the one in customer service so that's my reason for not being completely satisfied.
I had to get my username and password changed that was the problem so that would've been better if I didn't have to do that thank you.
Got my insurance back working again today.
I was transferred to three different people after calling the customer service number that's listed in my booklet.
So the information in the computers needs to be updated so that you can help me.
Thank you and the information was authorized and okay for me.
Just went we sent in original forms UHC didn't enter them correct and that's why we had to call.
I'm just delighted I get a brand new providers book.
To speak to a representative to get my silver sneakers card they directed me to do something online and that was not good for me.
(Unclear) she got her card but she didn't get the explanation (unclear) she got the card.
you didn't wait for me to get my membership card and I don't know what's going on.
I don't think you could do anything better everything is fine I was very happy with the service with the person on the phone.
Well you could've answered the phone I went from your recorded message to the survey I never got a change to ask anybody any questions.
I don't think there's anything that you could've done better than the service I got on the phone a few minutes ago.
I don't know why it took so long for this person to find the information for me.
like half working on my call and maybe somebody else's at the same time.
Where everybody else seemed to just want to talk about they give you a phone number that's the wrong phone number.
Explain the situation the first time I called so I wouldn't have to call back again.
So I really have no complaints in that department and now I am new to your services.
Probably get me to a customer rep quicker without all of the automated talking thank you.
Gotten me to the right person I have 5 or 6 different telephone numbers and when I finally hung up they move me 5 or 6 lines so that's it.
Actually answered my questions instead of transferring me to person after person and I was waiting for someone and all of a sudden I got these survey questions so I guess I have to call back now.
I was happy with the phone service I would like a quick thinking directory.
You could have answered my questions as far as getting into your website.
I think any time I have called I really can't request any more of the knowledge of your service representative or the courtesy and the one today has just been wonderful.
(Unclear) to fix your answering service machine because it would not take my survey.
You could have made it easier on your phone your telephone person to find the right repair service for my wheelchair.
One that I got from your area has two addresses and I couldn't through one phone number.
It would be so much simpler for me and others like me if we could get the information verified as a definite and not have to call back and forth.
I mean it says that it is my job to verify my coverage.
The only thing you could've done better was to clarify to pay for the $44 that was remaining otherwise I thank you very much perfect.
you bothered to send it to me in the first place.
I received a letter through the mail about my permanent address had been changed at that time I placed a call.
we've been gone for 3 days here and each day they have called asking us to please call the customer service number on the back of our card to get this straight about our permanent address.
I'm sorry I pressed the wrong number on the first one.
You could've cut down the time it took me to talk to customer service people.
I find that the fact that I kind of had to explain things over and over to the customer service person.
Number 8778134259 could absolutely not provide me with one bit of information to help me.
I had to call back to the member services number and where's that one oh 8.
I lost the phone number so I just had to take customer service and they didn't know anything about it so I guess they should leave a message or something.
Please inform your representatives that they need to be careful that they are giving out the correct information.
Hopefully I'll get my card faster than ten days.
It would be helpful if those claims show pending or more information required or something like that.
I didn't have the phone number so I called and she didn't show anything.
I have to wait until Monday now to call his office to find out if he is a provider for you.
But he's listed in the book under provider on page 66 and I have a friend who told me she uses him and she's on United.
To make it easier to look online for the information I was looking for and your website.
All they have to do is look up the computer when I give them the account information.
A claim was denied and the explanation was given that my benefits were exhausted although I feel like it was just the claim was just not sending correctly to UHC and I've spent three or four hours today to get this resolved.
So I'll start again on Monday and start in with them (unclear) and see if I can't get them to change their number so that my claim will be accepted by UHC.
I called those I found a doctor and called and they are ordering my card now and took all the information and I'm extremely satisfied.
I would have preferred having my invoices and statements mailed to me prior to the date due.
Because the automatic machine sort of you know sort of delayed my experience or my satisfaction getting to a live person.
When I phone I have to go through a lot of questions and answers before I get to what I want.
I wish there was to get to customer service first instead of going through all of the other questions and I guess that's it.
Could have warned that the Optum RX web site was down and that's why I could not enter the web site.
Not sure my passport was properly changed.
I'm getting old I guess basically the girl was talking a little bit too fast for my cellular phone for me to comprehend everything.
The only one thing that could've been done better was I always use my checking account so I grabbed my debit card which is part of my checking account and I gave her the number.
after I'm reading it from you know my debit.
The debit card number the card is in my wallet obviously but I don't carry the check book with me all the time so it's only a suggestion.
I had to get (unclear) outside help in order to finally get logged on to your website.
This is my sixth phone call and several hours of being on the phone trying to resolve a big ticket order that you made and billed me for.
After twenty minutes we got the problem resolved and she's sending me a new card but I think perhaps she's new and did not know exactly where to find the group number on your system.
I thought the service representative on the phone was great.
The one thing that could be better is that your new computer program that you pull up to look at your information is so much harder to use than the old one and you can't even find just your payment information.
I really appreciate not having to have my member id number called for.
He's sorry he told me apparently her coverage did start on the 1st and that also her he identified the package items that she should've had.
Actually I can't think of any one thing that could've been done better I mean the operator picked up quickly she had the information at her disposal she gave it to me within 30 seconds of my asking the question so you guys get 5 stars that's out of 5.
No one with customer service answered my call about helping me fill out the survey.
I'm trying to get the mailing address and all I got was this survey.
I was having problem with my health ID card or ID and Julie was technical support specialist.
The one thing that you could do better for me is to update your services in your neighborhood as far as getting people back into network.
You could have given the representative answering the phone the authority to make decisions instead of having to refer everything to everyone else to other people.
It's too hard to push the number 10 and I gave the gal that took care of me for her customer service a 9 on all aspects but I would've given her a 10 if I could've punched in 1 0 it was just easier to do 9 so that could be an improvement thank you.
Now I need for you to reconnect me to someone in that office.
After my call I have no problem doing a survey but if you want to know what I'm going to say on the survey before you switch me into a survey that's not kosher.
Answered all my questions and I couldn't ask for a better call.
The person was absolutely had the answer and didn't have any computer problems or bad connection.
On those counts a good phone call with no disturbance and noise and disconnection and no computer problems that's wonderful.
Put address on dental forms that were sent to me so we know where to file it.
I was trying to find out when my membership card was going to be sent out to me.
This is I think the 3rd time that I've gone through this and either my username or my password is wrong.
The only problem was that the representative transferred me to something for getting a gift card for my mother's wellness exam but the call center message came on and said the call center was closed.
It just gets kind of frustrating and you're on the phone a lot longer than you really need to be if it was (unclear) representative to find your information.
It could not be resolved on the call nor could I receive any indication of how long it would be before the website access would be fixed.
So this could help and then once place I was sent to it disconnected and I had to call again so you could help with this.
My main complaint was we don't know why we received a letter approving my surgery coming up and it was sent to my former address whereas most of the correspondence that I receive from UHC is sent to the proper address.
And I just wanted to make sure that they knew my correct address for future correspondence.
After you make all of the changes or upgrades to your account and you press the completion button nothing happens.
So there must be some other issue that needs to be clarified before you can upgrade your account.
So I did find out that I can do a change of address through our customer service person but I just I didn't know if you knew that nobody who has mail transferred is probably getting any of your explanation of benefits during that period.
Got the information I needed on a passport in another location and everything's fine.
When you call the number the 1 800 number for the rewards it just spins you in a cycle and you get a lot more information from a person.
From January until now she hasn't been put into the system so that I can have her name on my card and I don't understand why it took so many months for that to happen.
Re setting up my account on the website so I do appreciate her help.
Well I had dental questions but I got a phone number for more detailed answers to my dental questions.
I changed my banking information because my bank was sold and the only thing I couldn't do this morning was to change my husbands and she told me for security reasons they needed to speak with him and he's not at home right now.
Have the insurance agent call you back when you call them.
I just want to be able to change my dates of withdrawals to the middle of the month rather than the beginning of the month.
I just don't understand why you would not have that telephone number and he could not refer me to anyone else except to go to the letter that I received and I'm legally blind and it's going to be difficult for me to find that letter.
I would've given tens but every time I do these surveys and I try to hit ten it registers (unclear) as a one.
Just say agent and go off to an agent and have everything resolved a lot quicker.
well there's a little bit of (unclear) background noise at first so she muted that but otherwise we called to some authorizations on my mothers account and it was handled very efficiently and professionally.
They are bad about answering the phone and giving me questions.
You could pay my claim on time instead of making me wait for two and a half months.
I the forms I had to fill out for reimbursement were a little difficult for me.
I have absolutely no complaints about how my telephone call was handled today.
And when I talked last week to somebody when I first saw it on my account online the bill she said wait until you get the hard copy and then call us and that's what I did.
It would've been really nice like it was with the other program if a card was sent out with a number on it and it would've been nice if we would've been notified that we no longer had that program.
Any time I've made a phone call to customer service they have been extremely helpful and have researched for the correct answer to provide me.
I have no complaints what you asked was the last 6 months and in the last 6 months I have had a complaint that because I was given the run around just trying to get information it took over an hour in a half to get to the right department so my current call was excellent.
Just sent me the one particular type of doctor I needed instead of the whole directory on my email.
we've been out of town when I signed up for this stuff so I finally got someone explained what I have.
On any survey I will not use 10 which is a double digit I will put the highest single digit in if I'm completely satisfied and that is 9.
I don't think a customer should have to spend hours on the phone to correct such a problem.
They do not disseminate the correct information and that is the reason I had to call back a second time.
The problem is that I've received this notice of a balance due that according to my statements and according to the person I talked to I shouldn't have but I guess I'm just left in a state of waiting to hear if I get an actual bill from Crista Saint Vincent.
There's actually nothing you could've done better every time I call I always get false and complete answers to my summaries.
Your customer service representative answered all my questions and there wasn't anything that could've been done better.
But your representative Diane did an excellent job of researching and getting me phone numbers that I could call and perhaps get some help.
I can't get anybody on the phone that speaks clearly enough for me.
To be waiting on the phone so long seems not efficient and it's not being handled efficiently.
I just don't recall forms being sent.
Totally absolutely pleased especially when I am dialing into the number I didn't have to go through all the push this number and push that number.
Somewhere in your literature maybe if you would when you send an item or you know an order maybe say if you maybe I missed this if you are going to return something please call and request a return kit and it will be resent to you in 7 to 10 days or something like that.
Well I could've found the number to the high innovations I just I was looking for to tell me where I can go to use my insurance card to get my hearing aids.
If I was opening up a customer service department tomorrow she would be my first hire.
I haven't been getting my statements really very regularly on time not on time anyway.
Sometimes the system doesn't work if I go online but other than that I have no problems.
I got the survey but I didn't talk to no customer service.
The one thing you could've done better for me on previous calls is had an agent like Nichole to be able to assist me and go above and beyond the call of duty.
The thing you could have done better is post my payments to my account.
Twice for last year I have had to send copies of my check front and back because of your posting errors.
There was a question I had regarding an over payment of our out of pocket and the agent was very helpful but didn't have the answer that's otherwise it was a perfectly fine conversation.
He answer all my questions and I'm just waiting now for an answer from the doctor.
I had made a previous call and the service representative couldn't find my husband's ID number.
The I got I guess 16 notices of denial of payment.
Your automated system just kept giving me advertisements instead like to be able to go directly to a customer service person.
I'm confused as to why the information I used when I originally as my daughter being my power of attorney she was not listed anywhere.
None of the agents assisted me with my phone call and no one gave me any information (unclear).
But I really anticipated having the mailer already by now for the reimbursement on the taxes I had to pay on the glasses.
I have constantly getting mail from them and constantly asking me to enroll or something in their free refill or auto refill and I have done that over and over and then I turn around the next month they're asking again for the same thing.
I really have no complaints about the level of service that I just received.
You could've given me more specific information how to address my complaint.
Well I didn't have any problem with my customer service representative.
I would like to receive in the mail.
Been able to access the letter from a provider that I was referencing.
not interrupted the service and let me finish talking to the representative from UHC.
Let me know that my services were going to change ahead of time.
We answered your questions and got everything setup and was able to you were able to transfer me to the vision service plan without any problems at all and the wait was very minimal.
Maybe your computers should be updated to what the coverage is actually offered he had to go looking and looking.
The person did check the information I needed and is mailing the form to me.
She spoke to their accounting department and then she came back to me and told me that your portion was paid and what my portion was and that they just needed to send me a bill for my portion.
Well we just could not get through to the billing department and find out why I was billed as much as I was.
I would like to speak to someone to take care of my issue before I fill out a survey.
I can't think of anything except I need notification when I need to renew.
You could not explain to me why my co payment has not been recorded in your system.
all together so I don't have to call and talk to different departments.
No you can send me a coupon for a T bone.
And so it took me quite a while to get to an operator or a help desk support person.
she contacted them (unclear) went through all the (unclear) and it ended up I will owe $50 instead of owing $2000 because they.
Every time I have to call I get excellent customer service.
This is the second time I had to call and request a form this (unclear) helped me was very nice just like the last guy but the form still didn't come so we're going to see if you can mail it to me again thank you.
I was put on a really long wait only to find out if I needed a referral I thought this was something that should've been found out in about 10 seconds in addition when I called the first time I was told that I was calling to early and needed to call in business hours and they didn't give the business hours.
And then when I talk to somebody I have to give them the member ID again.
Probably the one thing you could've done better for me is to have given my number I had my number on my insurance card match up with my policy.
This has been a problem from my insurance card number as I've been explained that the number was there was something wrong with my card.
I got this survey apparently because I was not transferred for the fourth time> is till don't have my questions answered.
Today I've had to spend 20 minutes on the phone to get that to get a manual receipt typed out and sent to me.
I dialed the number I got an answer immediately.
She took my information she called me the people that were sending me the bill and they discussed it with me online and they figured out what the error was and they said they were gonna resubmit it and I'm done.
I didn't know how to queue that into the phone but she did an excellent job.
I'm not positive I am still waiting to hear about my refund.
I don't know if it's recording or not but the only thing is if the representative could have sent me a copy of the letter I wanted by email.
Have the rating be from 0 to 9 because my phone does not have a 10.
As far as customer service everything was good so I have no issue with customer service.
And so he said that the completion of my address which is my apartment number would pop up very soon.
So I was just a little concerned about that today but I was reassured and now I also have my health safe ID user ID and password which is the same for all the three websites that I might use so that is a big improvement.
I'm sorry I didn't know I had actually lost my UHC card.
Information on the bill that I sent in very difficult to understand what you had and what my bill was (unclear).
Informed me that my member ID number now has zeros in front of it because it would not work online and they could not find me until I was told I had to put two zeros in front of my member ID number.
The only thing is when these gift cards are issued for some reason the tape in the back that we have to reveal take it off and reveal the PIN code does not work properly and the PIN code gets wiped off so I guess you might be looking into it with the merchants who insured the gift card like this one was a Walmart card and I took the tape gently off and the PIN code part of it got wiped out erased.
My hearing is a little impaired but it sounded like your person was on a speaker phone or had the phone away from the mouth.
In the past I've received conflicting information so I find I have to call my call back three times and I figure if I get this correct information (unclear) then have the same information then that is the case.
Actually the customer service agent answered all of my call so it was superb.
And Maria just told me that I needed to get a procedure code and a CPT code.
We did not hear from you or receive payment.
it was not necessary to send a fax to the billing department showing that they had found that there had been a billing and it would be applied and it was applied it has been-.
Except for to give me a change to find out if what you did worked.
or 3 times actually and I got a different answer.
One department doesn't know what the other departments doing one's telling me it went from a four to a three another (unclear) when I went to order it I'm told it's a five get your act together and when they don't want to all of a sudden help you don't disconnect me because now I'm calling yet again to try to place an order.
Helped me with the issue that I had and sent me or is sending me out a form to fill out to go ahead and get the medicine through mail order which will be cheaper.
There does not seem to be a smart enough people on the end of the phone to look up the information I need and it is so far outdated and slow we are always 4 or 5 months we're working on an issue in November and here it is the first of May.
I'm waiting on a claim to be processed and it looks like it got sent back to processing for the second time and if they could have just let me know what's going on it would have helped.
The information that I was requesting I would have liked them to send it to me via email instead of sending a hard copy which takes 7-10 days.
I always have a problem with voice recognition when asked for my date of birth.
So she just told me that it's probably the computer system hasn't caught up with the delivery.
If you can send an email out with a Rx VIN PCN and group number you need to have the member ID as well because it creates a lot of confusion.
You could have answered my question instead of just sending me right to the survey.
I am just very difficult to understand and it's just been easier to speak with a representative than with trying to get the phone tree to accept my information.
On May 4th I told you I needed a replacement fast quick device the device I told them I did not need a refill which they sent the refill.
I said the refill is useless without the device.
I asked for some information to be sent to me if you could get it to me faster than ten to fourteen days that's better for me.
Because I have called you and it's all set up and Social Security is taking it out of my money and sending it somewhere and I thought it was going to you.
I don't think there's anything that they could've done better because the person who was helping me she left a message to investigate a charge on my bill.
Would've been nice if they would've made it so I could log into my account.
I still need to speak with someone at customer service.
To mailing me a form to the wrong address it's gonna take me 14 to 21 days to process a check that was made out wrong.
You wouldn't even update the PO box to mail it to so no I would never use your company ever as long as I shall ever live.
And my brother was power of attorney and I understand that you couldn't update the address because he's passed away give me a break to mail the form to the expedite it.
On the initial ask for the date of birth I punched in my date of birth but it didn't recognize it.
I would really would've had the service done a lot faster.
You could have gotten the information in the mail to me.
Today's call means that I am calling for the 2nd time to have the particulars on the dental work in writing sent to me.
I just wanted to make sure that I didn't owe any more on this account since I paid.
If you could just find another way to update the accounts maybe faster.
I was calling to get the phone number of Learn and Earn they called me this morning but I wasn't available.
Maybe contact the person that's billed with this prime (unclear) and to clarify why they are sending me a bill for $10.
She reminded me about the house calls program so overall the call was excellent and I honestly can't think of anything else that I would've added to make it better.
When I first dialed this number 18005626223 I got a whole bunch of questions and no people.
Well you cut my phone call off.
I kept trying to opt into the system and it kept asking for my ten digit phone number and I would put my ten digit phone number in and it said they didn't recognize it and do it again.
The representative should have been right at their phone to pick it up right away.
I was very annoyed that I had to spend about 45 minutes trying to reach someone to tell them my card has been taken stolen is missing whatever.
I think you need to really improve on your internet access when someone does not have their ID number and also their (unclear) access is wrong.
When you'd rather have a person call instead of a computer.
trying to get information about my wife and I have to have her call so I wasn't able to communicate that part of it.
I'm really having difficulty in connecting with the people I want to because the information on the web site is incorrect.
Saved me money and I could not ask for better service than she gave me today.
The automated system to enter my information never works when I call y'all.
the person who responded said I can't fix it.
My problem is with the phones because my hearing is so poor.
I was sent a letter asking me to verify the Rx information on a letter against my Medicare Complete card and none of the information on there was correct and the customer service person I talked to did not locate could not locate the letter that they sent me with this information on here.
I was given excellent service and that's the second time I've talked to United today and the second time I didn't get a chance to leave a customer service.
They transferred me to a nonexistent a phone that had been discontinued so I'm still in limbo.
When you contact them they say they do not so there is a big disconnect between your website information.
I need to enter my question through a different vehicle thank you.
So that's being paid I don't have to send in a check every month.
I don't know of anything it you the phone call was very easy and I got the information right away so there was no problems.
I'd rather to talk to the person when I call at the first time I call.
The website that I got this phone number from is totally different from the number she was transferring me to so better information would be nice.
Second it seems that this is my second time calling on this particular problem but the first person never made any notes wrote anything on the record.
Notes should be recorded if something is said that's important to the transaction or things happening a notation should be made so if you call again cuz you get different people each time.
Yeah I want to enter my dates for my eyes and my physical and get my rewards card.
I hadn't received this month's bill or May's bill.
However your website is not up to date and it is very difficult to obtain the information that I need and that's the reason that I have to call.
I originally never received my UHC card and it's being sent to me now.
I like customer service where you can talk to a representative better than the keypad.
This goes to 0 to 9 because my telephone does not have a 10.
I can't ever get online to my account so I just signed up for paper last week or week before last.
With the customer service rep with all the answers I get and so forth and (unclear) absolutely exceptional.
I just wanted make our payment and she went through to make sure my account was all up to date (unclear) phone number.
After I went through a whole big hassle of trying to get it approved because you didn't approve it this year but you did last year and that to me is terrible.
Well I hope my issue has been handled because I asked once before not to get all these calls any days of the week any time and I still continue getting the calls.
I don't mind receiving the mail but the calls get on my nerves.
Number one thing is the information that the member needs should be able to be emailed to them as opposed to looking for a PIN or going online to look it up on the website.
I do not receive mail at the physical address.
But I sure wish I could use your website without having to re register and get new passwords and which made it very complicated on having to use the phone now instead of doing it online which I would prefer.
The representative answered my question completely and is going to be able to send me the forms necessary for my request.
Because I normally pay my bills on the 15th.
You couldn't have done anything better the service I received from Eddy was superior to any service I have ever received in the past from UHC.
Well if their computer was working then my situation would have been resolved.
the operator assistant because I'm at a loss for words to tell the machine what I need.
The agent was helpful but the computer system wasn't working and she couldn't pull up my account.
I started with my member handbook with the phone number there and I had to go through all kinds of changes to get the right person.
Get your computers fixed so they can get in and give you the information that you need.
2 operators and I have not gotten the information I need and now I'm given a survey and I'm not finished.
Could've been able to look at my benefits and when the last time I used them was so I could tell if I was able to use them again at this time.
I did (unclear) when I first called the number and that you are (unclear) UHC worker and they switched me to the sales department then he put through a big number (unclear) I don't know (unclear) got this young lady and she went through two three.
For some reason your telephone system kept hanging up on me.
I went to a broker and she gave me an ID number that's totally different than the mail order pharmacy ID number.
The operator that I had last month could've explained where my $91 was being put instead of two bills.
The system is down so I couldn't get my information.
There's not (unclear) computer system your update upgrade information (unclear) computer system so when your employees can go in there and be able to find out what's current and updated.
That's the only complaint I have is that your computer system is not up to par.
There's been a couple in the past I had a problem with but otherwise everything is okay except for you need to update your computer system and get it on key like it should be.
The one thing you could've done better is when the recorded voice takes my asks me for my number my member number then it should be forwarded to the customer service 'cause then I have to repeat it to the customer service.
and I got the answer and the time was taken to get the information give me the answer.
But so that needs to be straightened out or I need to have something in writing showing where they're supposed to be sending the insurance and the claim form information.
I got transferred four different times and it took about ten minutes total to sit on the phone and wait on these transferred calls.
My first trip to her and I can't she her phone number's not working and I've been on the line for about 10 minutes and you still can't find a telephone number for her.
Well the main thing was I couldn't get an answer because the systems that she was trying to use would not.
The one thing that could've been done better was previous phone calls referrals are handed and prior authorizations are handled by somebody that's a little more knowledgeable.
And also there is no direct phone to call and get the proper solution that I wanted.
I have a reference number that I can get a hold of her quickly and the reference number to her to our phone call was IL26500931 and the representative's name is Bryponi her first name is Bryponi and she's been working with me and I need to get a hold of her as soon as possible.
I received a check which was marked non negotiable so I called to find out what's going on.
And when I called today it went up to $833 and for a 90 day supply and wow.
Well I think that the recording that takes the information needs to be checked because I had to give my identification number several times and there were times where it still didn't get it correctly.
I finally was told today that they made the card up but they forgot to mail it.
And unfortunately the gentleman could not email me the list he was going to have to send it to me.
It's my feeling that she should've been provided with the information to pass onto me rather than having me call someone else.
I always get my answers answered right away from my call to UHC.
I was calling to find out a lab that is in our network and I'm not sure after talking to the representative today (unclear) lab is in our network.
I will probably call back and speak to someone else later and confirm this before I go to the lab.
I don't know of anything you could've done better except for connecting me to the folks I needed to speak with faster instead of going through all the options.
I don't know there was anything that your customer service rep did not help me with.
a woman says (unclear) you know and I said may I please speak to the English survey you know I didn't get the English survey I got routed to a Spanish survey.
Well I got a lot of information on how to resolve this situation but it wasn't resolved on the phone.
Hi your data system did not produce any Dexascan places for me to go to that are in my zip code 08540 (unclear) that's Princeton.
I'll proceed on my own and call back if I find another one and have that checked out.
I'm new to this company and just have no used it yet so I really don't have any questions other than what the agent has already answered for me.
It just happened through a phone within the last 6 months and that's what you asked.
It was resolved in my phone calls so that's great but in the future your correspondence.
There was absolutely nothing in answering the quickness of my phone call being answered.
How well the system works in identifying who I am when I call in having that information available to the representative when they answer the phone.
After 33 minutes waiting on hold most of the time her words were yes we you are covered for Part B and I'm sorry I can't find the phone number.
I called you 33 minutes ago for the telephone number.
I still have to make more phone calls and get authorization.
I was on the phone for 35 minutes and when connected with a supervisor it got disconnected.
I got a call from the doctor's office that said the insurance company had called them and wanting information on us to be released to them and from this from past visits and they called us to come in and we would need to go in and sign forms releasing information.
But when I called you all the lady in customer service had no record of of you all calling and asking for that information and the doctor's office wanted us to for you to tell you all that you needed to fax them a list of information that you wanted.
I don't know if there was one thing you could have did better for me you advised me on who I need to contact (unclear)check by phone and I called back to get a confirmation number and I received the confirmation number for the pay by check.
I needed a representative mentioned that I can talk to a representative by punching a number or saying the word.
I greatly appreciate the fact that I can get answers on the first phone call to all my questions period.
I had to re dial into the system and rather than use the prompts I went directly to the operator and stayed with the operator until they got me a live person.
They said no I would have to call a different number and sign up.
I didn't have to fill out a form for this call today.
It's just that we can't resolve my issue until tomorrow when we're able to call the doctor's office but other than that I was very pleased.
You could've answered my question directly which was a question of the co-pay the amount and I've been referred to another telephone number.
I received a letter Monday that my supplemental I guess you all call it a rider dental plan was canceled because of no payment received but I always pay my payment after the 23rd and I hadn't received any notice before hand that I needed to pay it by a certain time and anyway it was very unusual to get a letter saying that it had been canceled.
If you need to call me my number's 2625832342 and I'm very dissatisfied with that.
That's why I called up to alert you about your delivery people has to be checked because they sent it to two houses away from my address.
I dialed the phone number that was provided in that advertisement.
I called today because I got the name of the home doctor on my membership card so that was a mistake made previously by another representative.
I have read out of the booklet myself and the reason I am calling is because I have a question that is not in the booklet.
It would have been easier for me to get information rather than having to go be given a telephone number and having to go get it myself.
And I need a meter to check my sugar.
The representative was completely polite concerned and professional but I have a problem with I want official notification that I've met my $1000 out of pocket max.
I haven't been given any notification and the explanation of benefits on my computer screen is completely outdated.
I cannot believe that I received a denial but I now have to get in touch with the billing department at Emily to find out the name of the drugs.
Your services is not able to pull up partial information so I have to get more.
Well the customer service rep that assisted me her name is Jill.
There's inaccuracy either in the billing process from the provider or in the processing of the claim but the attendant that I spoke with told me this is a covered service and there is no reason at this point why this claim should have been denied and I'm getting a little tired of everything I do with United seems to turn into chaos.
Only thing you could've done better is my request could've been sent by either email or fax.
Given me information but I'm waiting right now to be connected to dental.
Absolutely nothing quick response no wait time and the representative was extremely helpful.
I have no complaints you were very efficient it didn't take me no time from speaking to the computer to speaking to a live person.
I've called three times and every time I have received the best service I've ever had from many company.
I don't know of anything you could've done different for me unless you gave me about a pack of 20 dollar bills.
The conversation with Jay was fine that was great it took care of everything but when I did try to an set up the health safe password on the website.
Give me a call or send me a letter or whatever.
The agent explained everything perfectly the only thing that could be helped is the whole process of what you have to go through to get a tier one exemption on exemptions of tiers thank you.
You guys sent me to a dead link that disconnected this call and then sent me to this survey.
You guys sent me to a disconnected number then you guys asked me if I wanted to take a.
I was calling about a payment and it would be helpful if the payments that are made are reflected on my account.
When I called the billing department they had nothing to do with this.
I have to call three times in order to get to the phone number and the people that I wanted.
The only thing that I can say is that when I was trying to put in my physical date on the renew rewards program.
The automated didn't understand my voice or my questions so it was a waste of my time and probably your time.
There isn't anything that my representative could've done better and any time I call the representatives give me all the information I need and they're very courteous.
I just wanted to say there was really nothing that needed to be corrected with my phone call with Crystal your representative.
I have to contact the agency that has my refund and they will be the ones to send it back to me.
I tried it three times before it put me over to a customer service rep.
When I need to speak to someone I should be able to do it when I first call in.
I just got a letter in the mail about address change.
I'm just waiting for the final results after you contact my husband's cardiologist.
I filed a complaint and I've had to go back two or three times to find out where it is what's happening with it.
She actually gave me a phone number that I can call so that I can maybe change one of my plans.
Well my thoughts are just ask me for my callback number in case we get disconnected.
The only thing that I think that we could do that can change on these phone calls is have someone pick up the telephone not run it through a gamut of voice messages and asking for birthdays and all this stuff it was very difficult to go through that thank you.
Well your systems to get into the computer you know it was not working this morning.
So sometimes the first issue phone call needs to be answered more accurately.
Well the only thing that I could tell you today this particular day was the phone number that's on the Rx bottles that you mail us with the prescriptions it has a number and so I was having a little trouble with that.
I got the nicest customer service person I've ever talked to but in the past I pay with a statement that you send to me and then I pay it when I get it and it's had the wrong address 2 different times.
Couldn't recognize it properly and the electronic system did not give me the option of repeating the address so I could listen more closely and see if indeed they had it.
The person did a very very thorough job of explaining the benefits on hearing aids.
I just couldn't connect from my iPhone to the service to figure out what was being taken for a gift card but I was told you know I'd have to wait for a letter probably in July and she told me what was available at the time.
It just took an awful long time to bring stuff up on the computer.
Unfortunately I didn't note the name of the agent or I would have given you a commendation but I was completely satisfied I don't have nay suggestions.
The best thing you could have done for me was to have a direct number and an option to chose to join Optum Fitness Advantage.
And answered all my questions and I will get back to them if I need more information.
The better would have been if the information I got from the first agent about my hearing aids had been correct or not and not questioned by the second agent or if the.
I entered my member number three times because the computer asked me to and all three times the computer said they didn't understand.
I am now going to call back to customer service to see if I can get any service at all.
So I'll remember that you know when I look in the books they give me the number and tell me to call so I will be doing that.
I've spent an hour on this line talking to two people from your outfit just to get my prescription refilled because there was no place on the Internet page to refill it.
I'm new with the AARP and I was given a lab to go for blood work up and it turns out it was an incorrect phone number.
Come to find out she is in the system and the computer every month sends me new PCP cards.
I needed to get a phone number to reach my PCP.
She gave me phone numbers the addresses and it's (unclear) good with me.
The one thing I absolutely hate about Optum RX is whenever you call in nobody picks up the phone at Optum RX.
Probably not having to go through the telephone tree to get to the person that can answer my questions.
A better computer system that when I call in had to give my account number.
that same day that I did have to pay the 25 dollars copay.
It that you kind of need to keep these addresses updated because I was caught up in a situation where mail was going to an address that I didn't know and I lost benefits for almost about 4 and a half months.
I was completely with satisfied with one of your customer service representatives who UHC helped me out with a (unclear) with a question (unclear) accident with.
The only problem I had is your rates.
I call and one of your Silver Sneakers card and they can't give me an answer right now.
I just am going to have to get back with the provider to make sure to ask them why I wasn't billed for several months.
I cannot get any questions answered over the phone.
Everything was okay once I talked with your customer service rep.
Serve my prescription when I came to get it rather than dragging things out and making it necessary for me to call you guys.
Stop disconnecting my calls every time I call for information.
So I'm now trying to find my bank statement to see what he.
It would've been helpful if you could confirm or send a letter to me to confirm that this information has been corrected.
It would only make the change for 6 months and I had to call Simone who was extremely helpful in changing my mailing address.
The agent covered everything that I needed to have covered and gave me a little more information into the up and coming rewards program they're going to have.
I couldn't ask for any better service than what I have gotten the last two times I encountered both of your employees.
The one thing would have been to have the phone number of the manufacturer of Humalong but the person was extremely helpful besides that.
I have called your system many times and this was one of my worst experience ever.
You just got everything right done the first time because I've been on the phone probably 4 or 5 times.
When I punch in my ID number by the phone they don't take it so better improve your answering service for when I call.
The people work very hard I spent on the phone actually 15.
There (unclear) that something was wrong with the phone (unclear) having phone trouble.
She explained to me everything that needs to be done with my mom (unclear) account needs to be changed and no one has told me that before.
Resolved my issue with the problem I'm calling about that I was just cut off from by the survey talking with somebody.
I will again check next month to make sure that the payments are coming from the right account.
I always ask that the consultant speak more slowly when giving information.
Her name is Cheryl and my names Roy (unclear) please take her to lunch or give her two dollars more an hour.
I received her plan sent to my house and your company realizes that it is so wrong.
All I have is the older system your CVR who's name was Chad and I can only get through to Chad.
I want to talk to claims department regarding the mail returned to me by the name of (unclear) Beah that last name starts with an H.
One to five would certainly be an improvement as well if you have any questions you can reach me at 6232211221.
It should've been just a continuation nothing changed in the account except for states the banking is the same and instead of asking me to pay by check suddenly you just had to follow up with your own people to find out it's the same exact account that would've been very comforting.
I just have to check our records to verify the conversation.
I received a letter today and I wished it would've explained it better 'cause it says my monthly premium is 12 50 and I didn't know if I had to send it in now but according to the lady I talked to she said it wasn't due 'til.
they'll be sending us a bill out the 7th of June so I wish they would've said that on the letter I received.
The representative had minimal knowledge of power of attorney process and the sales person who spoke with me to set up the policy made no indication that I would not be able to speak on behalf of my father in law when the policy was issued without sending in additional documents and waiting seven to ten days to have them processed.
I made the arrangements for my father in law and you were perfectly willing to allow him to join and now I can't even ask a question about the account without filing additional documents.
Too long of a wait time and somehow or another the billing is all messed up on my account.
Mailed out my request the first time I called so I didn't have to call back which was a list of providers.
fifteen minutes after I get my receipt back from visiting my doctor today thanks I'll call you back from 4705034804 bye.
It can be sent out actually with the new card or which ever that way they'll get their book and won't have to call back to get it thank you.
Had the information on types of lenses available she could not get it on the computer.
The only thing you could do better is to when I ask for materials or a new card is to get it to me sooner.
I guess just continue relating exactly how you policy and claim works really helps and the operator getting on the phone and explaining how it works.
My husband has dementia and he cannot answer the phone.
So I called back and your robo call does not allow to get through to anybody else so that sort of needs fixing I am the POA for husband.
The only thing that I have a little problem with is I had to when it was switching over to a representative it kept me off the line 3 times so when a representative did come on his name was Josh he was great.
The information (unclear) have received thus far and time getting (unclear) they gave me department number to satisfy everything I need thanks.
a mailing goes out it needs to be put in some.
in everybody's file so that the operators can see what the customers are talking about.
You need to fix it where you can call the individual back that you were on the phone with.
Your annual notice to me could've explained my benefits a little bit better and then the call that I made today wouldn't have been necessary.
I just called to pay my bill using my checking account.
Because I was just asking about a cardio stress test and I had to call instead of searching for it on the website it'd be much easier if you had a search button.
Unfortunately though I guess the only way I can get the information I want is to sign up and go online with the library across the street and try to find out exactly.
I have to pull a claim summery so it's something that I hoped could be done there and sent out to me.
Not the lady today but the last lady I talked to about my account did not do her job and (unclear) update credit cards and then it looked like my accounts are late.
Had a correct number so I didn't have to get to a lot of calls to figure out how I could get my card back.
Have another way to identify me besides my member ID like my Social Security number my phone number or my name because I may be calling while I'm driving or don't have that access to the information right off.
Actually no you answered all the questions and the customer service was excellent and they picked up the phone right away.
I don't know of anything you could have done better for me other than send me a small sack of 100 dollar bills.
Get your answering services up to date because they can't find your phone number and then they give you an operator and she bounces you around.
Talking to it you have to spend three minutes on the phone trying to reach somebody so you either need to get the human being on the phone answered or you need to step up your automated system.
Yeah I don't have a contact number for your customer care office on my card.
Maybe this was an error so if there is if I could get a new card with that number on it I think that would be helpful.
If there's one thing you can do for me it's just that I wish I could every time I call the customer service number and I can ask for Wendy.
I didn't get in contact with a person instead of computer.
The only concern I would have would be that you need to find a way to help get your computer systems in order.
I would prefer having the EOB's on a more timely basis not just once a month sort of as they're coming in and being paid.
I haven't had a call I called you said and then it took me to the survey I haven't spoken with anyone this is an absurdity.
For some reason they were not she was not able to she's not able to mail that to remail that letter to me.
Don't have you go through so many question and answer before you can connect you to a customer rep.
I was not able to login as a new user to the website and neither could your support team so make the web more available easier to use just make it work thank you.
Possibly advise when I would be receiving my new card.
Hi I know that if I can get logged in my account or on the website I can ask questions online so this feature is available but you know is there any way we can ask the questions to email us back the answer I was just curious about that I know you can do it online and you are very good at it so I was just curious thank you have a good day bye.
Nothing Claudia was extremely helpful the best representative we've had I've tried to call 3 different times they never could find someone inside our network to provide what we needed somehow Claudia I was just going to have to talk to the manager today to get someone in the network but Claudia was able to find 2 different places that no one else could in the network so you need to have more people like Claudia.
Not a thing all my questions answered have been provided for and I usually make one phone call and because that call is all done in a matter of seconds and your people are excellent wonderful customer service representatives everybody needs your kind of help thank you.
I think the whole situation could've been avoided if she would've sent me an email since you have my email address and let me know that you didn't get my assignment of benefits.
Perhaps you could've answered my question I called yesterday and they couldn't help me because I didn't have the code number.
So I called back today with the code number and she still can't help me.
I get a letter today from CNS advising me that it appears that I owe the 10% late application penalty.
I called your company just now only to find out that the attestation of coverage was not completed.
Now I don't know if that was not completed by the sales rep and that confirmation is T1037049050118 or if somewhere in the chain of processing somebody else dropped the ball.
Have the correct member ID phone number on the card the number that I called I kept getting Hawaii and I live in Ohio.
Instead of keeping me on your phone for one hour you could've called me back.
And (unclear) told me how to get registered even though I had been registered previously but apparently United had updated their system erased all of the other registration so once I got registered (unclear) information on kidney disease that the email I'd received this morning said I could click and get but then it wanted me to register to get it even though it had sent the email and when I registered then the email (unclear) information on kidney disease was gone.
I talked to people there I get one response and then I get mail that contradicts what I was told on the phone.
She did a fabulous job and I couldn't ask for more but I think the only other thing would be if there was someway to email the information I was looking for that would be a recommendation it was a notice of what I had paid on my account through May so that was fine.
Please call your numbers back when a call is dropped from you guys thank you.
I don't think anything as far as the representative was concerned he did an excellent job the only thing that I am concerned about when we made payments and we tried to download it on the computer it's not current if that could be fixed on the download thank you.
And then I got a customer representative and the first one that I got not the one that I just- told me I had to call you back on another phone line and he didn't call back.
The book was not clear on services provided as well as claim forms etc thank you.
I believe your agent was well informed there was something wrong with the system or something on the audio that either the agent or the system didn't get the credit card number correctly so I had to repeat it a couple of times but other than that everything worked fine.
This was good time about the number I called that was on the bottle and it did not direct me to the pharmacy and I didn't get that resolved but that's all thank you.
Ended up in me requesting to speak with a supervisor again because the customer service person was not listening.
Well I haven't used you guys before just joined the plan so I don't know enough to really say much except that when it said I could go online on the back of my card it says go online to this website.
And I can't get online it won't let me online and they won't let me on the website and then the young man I just talked to (unclear) not eligible you're not eligible for that yet but it will be soon.
Perhaps assurance that I will be notified if something changes.
It's so aggravating that by the time I had an agent I had about 5 minutes to get over the God d*** aggravation of your automated service.
you could go either in network or out network but it was failed to report that you may pay more when you go out of network.
I had a letter in the mail regarding my address.
Well this is my fourth telephone call trying to get the information.
I could've reached a representative faster without having to go through what kind of questions I wondered about my benefits 'cause the word I used wouldn't come up right.
The woman who took care of me and answered my questions I called in essentially to make an automated payment a manual payment through my credit card.
I called because someone called here and they can't see an outgoing call there today so I didn't find out what they called for but I'm sure if they need to talk to me they'll call again.
I cannot log in.
I wish it could've been done at this phone number but evidentially that's not your process.
my only thing is I got a call back today community plan and they're not open on the weekends.
Because it's very (unclear) caused me to make a phone call which I wouldn't have had to do had I gotten both of them at the same time.
All I've been asking for for the last month is a card proving that I have insurance.
So again this month when I tried to fill it was denied and I am hoping that at this point the flag is removed permanently so that I don't have this issue in the future.
Actually went above and beyond and the only reason I answered the first question I put a three was because in the last six months I have talked to another customer service rep that was really totally useless.
The person that answered the phone when I explained my situation went through a whole process and then had to switch me to somebody else.
I didn't know if I had a password or not and apparently I did have a username and password but to me your username and password requirements it's pretty hard for people 39 years old to follow.
Well it wasn't the representative's fault by any means but as I was talking to her she seemed to be having some trouble with her computer so maybe there was a technical glitch within your system somehow.
But that is about the only applications or any forms that I needed to fill I did fill them out and send them back in.
Everything was fine but what you could do in your documentation is having it easier to locate the website where I could have checked doctors' availability and my own without having to call.
I don't think there was anything that needed to be done better the representative double checked on address and in doing that found out that the address I should send claims to was the one that is different from on the back of my card.
The drug store telling me to call y'all to find out.
I had to call your customer service I don't know maybe three of four times since I've been a member and every time it has been a pleasure speaking to whoever answers the phone.
It was very nice to know how long I was going to wait on the phone for your associate to answer.
I wish it were possible to keep my permanent address as my post office box.
You could've listed a phone number on the paperwork that was sent to us saying that we had a bill.
Just had a simple question about a message that was left on a voicemail machine and I wasn't able to get that answer.
Although you had many listed they were not upon further calling with them that they were not in network.
I take them every single month the same thing every month without having to go through of going to the help desk.
And it's put me on the phone taking my time taking you all's time and these are just 2 very.
This must mean you couldn't do better because the service I received was excellent.
Today was was my fault because I did not have a phone number to the place I was seeking for information and I actually found my claim number so you all were great.
I never spoke to a person one person took the call and said I'm transferring you and I never heard anything else so I basically was cut off there was no conversation no help and now I ended up at a survey and it's asking me to rate you and of course I got 0 help.
First off when I called the number on the bottom of this letter I get an advertisement for ATT UHC using the fall down and then the Direct TV.
I couldn't find my gift card that I received in the mail from my annual visit.
I thought maybe it could be tracked and it could be canceled and issued a new one but that's not possible so I'm out my $50 gift card.
Well you could have mailed me one in the mail like they did one time.
It would've been better if you'd have let me speak to a billing representative instead of jumping to the survey.
It might have been better or it would've been better to be able to pull up information other than her social security number in order to protect her information to verify whether or not she is still a member with you.
Just I need an address to make sure I was sending my claim form to the right address in Hot Springs Arkansas.
All went very well your automated service is a little bit too long and difficult to get through to an actual person rep that I can speak with that's the only suggestion I have is your automated service too long and I feel it should be easier thank you.
Well I had to call four times and answer the same thing to be mailed and (unclear) so far.
The representative was excellent and took care of my problem and contacted the service provider to get resolution.
I don't recall being notified about that and the options that are included I would like to be sent that.
Didn't give me any information I had to sit through the whole thing to get to a representative 'cause I need specific information.
I get this letter through the mail that you have vision.
This sis about my call last Wednesday and I used your automated service.
I requested one I just got it this week and two of the three people that I tried to call were no longer on your provider list.
Had your website working correctly or tell us then that it was being updated.
You could've solved my problem when I first called instead of needing to call 6 times to get it solved.
The reason I gave a 6 (unclear) because I have to make phone calls.
my husband had not given permission for me to talk to the billing agent.
This call the information I needed like everything I go through and I rate the person I talk to very high.
They're sending me out a form I need to fill out.
All the other calls that I've made to you people you were supposed to send me papers and I never received any.
Because I called a number and I get both departments they hook me up but there's confusion on how these bills are handled.
So it is extremely frustrating to your customers for you to have all their information and not be able to utilize it.
I called UHC to have my my card replaced.
So they were unable to find my regular UHC card and since I didn't have it I didn't have the phone number on the back.
So I would say that the contact information perhaps it could be made evident that that is for prescription questions only.
I was in need of a referral but evidently my card doesn't take a referral.
Really have a direct phone number to call and talk to a human being right off the bat instead of having to go through some robot.
If they could've told me why my premium changed and then didn't change.
The agent was not real good at taking down my name and numbers of my policy et cetera.
And the customer service representative is going to send it to me in the mail.
The one before tried but it got long and my card came with the wrong network on there.
Your telephone system did not transfer the initial input with Membership number etcetera to the person taking the call so she had to look up everything from scratch.
It's very annoying and it takes forever to get a (unclear) from the customer service rep.
You could have given me more information on my cell phone how to log onto the explanation of benefits more clearly.
The person who took my payment today was the most efficient customer service rep I have ever spoken to with your company.
I actually cannot give you anything that you could've done better computers on Monday are always slow and so it did take quite a while to get my issue resolved.
The call was fine I think that I would like a little more specific information about what is covered in the manual.
You answered the phone very promptly.
I have to wait for an appeals letter to get answered.
And because we hadn't filled out a personal information form yet I couldn't find out whether she was set up for ATF.
Luckily I have the mail number on my cell phone and I called them back and took care of the issue with a different line.
I didn't really get a final answer for where I could've found my answer in the book 2018 annual notice of changes.
(Unclear) on more responses computer answering the phone so that I didn't have to repeat my request four times.
If anything probably the last packet I got through the mail it just didn't tell me how to do payroll (unclear).
The automated system does not work and I had to call in 3 times in order to be able to get the assistance I needed.
All my requests were answered and straightened out and I have all the information that I need at the present time that I don't know of anything that could've been done better.
I still wont have access to my online account for a couple of days it sounds like because there's some error that your IT department is working on.
I guess the best way to improve the service at this point would be to have ready numbers available for the departments to be able to send messages that need help.
So I'll have to go to the book store I guess to get information.
Had to call my doctor's office and they are gonna call back.
I'll talk with you later in October when I can change programs or see about changing programs.
I don't get my check on the 1st of the month.
You know I realize your busy but then you need to have supervise personnel that could answer phones or question other than taking 40 to 45 minutes and still never come to the phone.
I resolved the issue that was outstanding with my address not being correct in your records.
I was calling member services to get information and the switched me to the survey and I didn't get to talk to anybody.
I mean I have to repeat my name and date of birth.
A web page that would load in the platform but my customer service agent told me it wouldn't work on.
very well on Safari or on my iPad so that caused me to have to go to my laptop which took extra time for the customer services and me.
I was they were trying to get some computer I couldn't log in to the new to get my new health ID to make my payment but I was able to make the payment over the phone so that's okay.
I was returning a call that I received on my home phone that the gentleman who (unclear) healthcare.
We suggested we contact Social Security to find out what happened to the extra (unclear).
Well I didn't have to call in to check on my account being past due.
Sent out an approval that (unclear) had quickly and (unclear) emailed or something and I don't know if that's something that I need to do or not but I will check on that (unclear) 'cause I just wasted a lot of time finding out that it was approved on Friday and today's Monday.
Give her the good ones on those too because my ears are deaf and I was trying to get it unplugged.
If you would like to call me back my number is 6505337962.
I would appreciate a confirmation number after I have a call with someone to document the fact that I had the call.
I can't ask for anything better than what service I had today.
I did not find out any information about my appeal and I got a (unclear) erroneous letter here.
The one thing that could be done better is having access to my EOB's online.
Maybe not have to send me a form to fill out.
the computer would accept the information I wouldn't have had to sit on hold and wait for 20 minutes.
my PCP is wrong on the card that you sent me.
Catherine could not find why you called me on Friday the 11th at 1:47 PM requesting that I call the 855 number which I called.
I somehow remember I've misplaced if you sent me this month a statement I don't think I got it so I think it I probably misplaced it on this end but I'm not sure why I couldn't have it and had to call to get this information.
There was nothing that could have been better it took a little while for them to look up the information because they had to call another company but as far as the customer service (unclear) they could not have done anything better.
She advised me to put in my member ID number because I needed to print out a temporary card as in put the suffix there is dash zero zero which appears on the card.
But if you have a long wait it would be very helpful to offer a call back choice to the caller rather than holding on.
Because if I call from my cellphone I'm charged for each minute that I hold on.
So I would like to have an a call back option.
Probably calling concerning my husband's Medicare and taking on what the premium would be and so the representative you know was not able to give me that information but she told me who to contact and so was important information that I needed to know.
Individually the person I talked to tried to verify a different UHC phone number and stuff.
that they've gotten the card right because it's the second time I've had to get my card replaced.
What happened was in the explanation of benefits I've received there was an error in calculating what my.
He an interaction ID of I125960332 and just having a person to contact is shockingly amazing to me.
I was very satisfied with the service and the first question I couldn't get it to enter 10 so erase the zero and put a 10.
Let me know in the denial letter that I was still getting a reimbursement for my eyeglasses.
I needed to give new credit card information and there was a very long wait to be taken care of.
com and I was redirected to another site where I had to sign up for health safe.
Redirected me to another site and a proxy error came up so that's why I had to call your service technician.
You could have made the very best result that I can tell you how what a wonderful experience it was if I only had to hit one key on the phone which would have been the nine instead of a one and a zero.
So it was an excellent exchange but I hit a nine because it's so much simpler than looking at the phone for the one and the zero.
I enjoy using your service and everything was great.
Everything was fine I was just (unclear) everything was fine my payment just got to you later than usual I don't know why you received my payment after the due date that I sent it in but I guess you have no control over the mail timing that's all.
Sue was able to identify the problem which was the bill was submitted and she said under the wrong coding and so she has to reach out to each of the providers 5 different providers she said and speak to them about submitting the bill with the proper coding and then she's going to call me back when she has that all done and update me on all the details.
The only my only concern is the message was left at my house I had to go through 2 or 3 different means that's the only thing.
your information in the system wasn't working so I couldn't get any information.
It's horrible to make a call and go through all the phone prompts to get somebody on the phone just to be told the system is down.
done excellent service and even you know asked me for to have my email on the account.
You were having a problem with your computer so I'm going to have to call back later to have my case handled.
You know we had gotten different information from another representative on another call and her information didn't really match up.
There was an issue with updating your system and nobody could get into it to get to my file.
She's having computer problems so she actually called the doctor's office to make sure they were in network.
Your computers were down so we couldn't totally complete the transaction.
Have computers that work so I could get my question answered.
The computer system was down at your end so therefore we couldn't complete my question.
I just wish the issue could've been resolved while I was on the phone you know right here on the phone.
I asked it it would be effective today when I call or at the end of the month for which I paid.
I hope the plan improves for me as a customer.
To see that it's on file that if anyone has power of attorney or needs help in filling out the paperwork and cannot speak for theirself or read or write.
It saves time on having to make another phone call to see that they have that information.
Whenever I tried to get that information no one was able to provide you know that information.
The only thing that I might suggest would be the EOB's the monthly EOB's were prepared and issued for your end of month.
And I called today to find out if there's anything and with your system down couldn't tell me if there was a claim.
Emily took care of the call she called the Avida she gave them my all the information that I do have insurance with them so they can submit the claim.
I taken care of my cancellation promptly as I called on April 24th and canceled and I got a letter saying they were gonna cancel and I owed $78.
Everything worked out real well so I can't tell you what you could've done could have done to improve other than maybe fixing your server so that I could've done it online.
The only thing that I don't like is that when this card was sent to me I did not have anyone to tell me exactly what the card was all about and how much it would cost.
Today we're receiving that information for the first time but that's after using the card several times and I'm not pleased with the fact that it cost the cost was what it was.
I was on the phone talking with your agent then it disconnected.
I don't have any way of knowing whether they'll call you or not so everything was just very confused and it seemed disorganized because your system was being updated and it's frustrating to make a call sitting down with all my papers and drugs and everything and getting pretty much nowhere.
The operator could be slightly less accommodating as far as using my name and thanking me every other phrase.
Really can't think of anything other than if we were notified that we were going to a quarterly EOB statement mailed out that did not come through.
I requested a Walmart card rewards card and I received a Target instead.
She was extremely kind she got me the phone number for Medicare to check about Plan B to see what that's being pulled directly from Joey's account.
The only issue I had was that you have a computer system that is not functional at this time and the representative has to call me back tomorrow to finish the business.
I don't like having to give out the last 4 digits of my Social Security number to anybody over the phone.
There is nothing that could be done better other than she put in a request was put in to change the tier level on one of my prescriptions by the person that handled the phone call (unclear) two hours.
The little survey I was suppose to take after the call the date of birth the month and the year were not registering on the phone so they decided to send me a form but otherwise everything was okay.
I usually do not have trouble with my phone so I don't know if it was on their end or not.
I'm disabled I have a lot of bills and I have been billed incorrectly numerous times.
The one thing you could've done better is give me authorization over the phone to proceed with this procedure.
I'm still holding for someone to answer this call so answer your calls and I can give you a rating.
I need to contact Optum and get my situation going.
it's not the period that they do this in and I have to wait until October to get it seen about and I had she gave me a number to call and just talk to someone until that time.
The only disappointing thing I had with the call would be your automation.
My thing is that I guess when my (unclear) on the 1st and they send out a letter stating that I owe several payments when I do not because my payment has arrived on the date it should arrive and when I get this letter that kind of bothers me.
So that I'm not getting a letter stating I owe several payments when I actually don't.
They couldn't even find my account and I've been a member for 31 years.
The only thing that could've been better today was that I had the correct phone number which your representative so kindly gave me so that has been resolved and I could've answered all of these questions with a ten except it's difficult for me to see the keyboard at this age.
I'm still on hold waiting to get a confirmation number on my passport that I have applied for.
Your telephone system has a long delay from the time the person hung up that I was speaking with and until you get them.
When the doctor requested a new prescription for the 3 medications I would've appreciated an email that it was received and then also that it was on its way or sent cuz I had to call when it was initiated on Wednesday May 9th and today is Tuesday May 15th.
But an email to let me know that everything is OK electronically would've been wonderful.
Every time I call I get a different answer.
She also gave me the names of several providers that I can call (unclear) see if those work until I receive the provider booklet.
You wasted a great deal of my time fighting with your computer question answer stuff when I needed to talk to a representative.
I talked to a total of 3 representatives having them transfer a number of times in order to resolve my given new.
I had called a few maybe a month or two earlier to correct my address and it still hadn't been corrected so that's why I had to call again.
So hopefully the address will be corrected and I will no longer have my neighbors send my mail to me.
Just have me talk to a regular person rather than going through the machines.
I did not get a proper answer because there was nothing written for them to give me the information on.
I had a little problem with communicating on the computer on the website with regard to explanation of benefits and that's why I made my phone call.
The bad news is well every time over the last year or so I try I call Optum RX and I put in on IPhone the numbers of my account.
I put it in 2 or 3 times and it doesn't recognize the sounds of the numbers as apposed to the keypad.
I would like to talk be able to talk to the department I'm trying to call and it switches me to someone else and a claim that I've had in for a couple of months still it's I can't find out what happened to it.
It was just so much easier than most of these phone calls that we go through on a daily basis.
In sending the notice of denial of payment it would've been helpful if on the billing code you had stated what it was that was denied.
Quit sending letters telling me that I owe a LPE penalty when I don't.
I don't know if I had to push the button but I'm very satisfied with the insurance and the people who answer the phone.
Well first i was disconnected when I was supposed to be transferred to a rep and then I told the rep who I just spoke to that I wanted to change my address and phone number.
So that makes me think it may be not aimed at me and she did tell me that she thinks I'll be getting more information about my specific plan after I retire.
I didn't get my service done because the operator that I never talked to a human being it was the operator that kept messing this up.
I was on hold waiting on them to answer and then it kicked over into this survey and so I'm not very happy because now I'll be kicked out of line from where I was and I'm going to have to call back again to try to wait again and hopefully you won't pick up on a survey.
They tried like heck to help but when they reset the password on April 19th I can't get into my account or my husbands account and I've been on the phone today alone for over three hours.
Hi this is Joanette Meyer and I have been trying for four different phone calls to get through to your phone your rewards phone number and every time I get a quick and then it goes dead.
However I just found out in today's call that she neglected to put down that it was a new community and therefore the system picked up another address very similar to mine but not mine.
Fortunately when it flipped over to Optum Rx and I called them today they asked about the erroneous address that had been sent over and I said oh that's a problem so that's why I called back today.
It's not that I did an appeal in and (unclear) to get it over the telephone.
I've been trying to speak to the representative or your agent but nobody seems to answer to me this time.
You guys were gonna transfer to a customer service rep.
yeah maybe you can call me at 5032473567 if you have any information to help me access my benefit.
Instead of sending me to the survey you should've sent me to a representative.
Now I have to dial again and say no to the survey and hope that I get a representative.
Why would you transfer me directly to the survey before I spoke to anybody.
I called UHC again got to the point where a person would pick up and the machine hung up on me again so I called a third time and I got a girl on the phone who told me that the information the first guy told me was wrong the guy because I'm in the doughnut hole.
She asked me for my phone number just in case we get disconnected that's very professional and I couldn't ask for better.
I don't knows of any one thing that you could've done better for me because I called the number on the back of my card.
I got immediately put with a customer service rep.
I need someone to call me because I really have some issues with being on the phone for over an hour just trying to reorder some cards and a benefits booklet and I had to speak to 3 or 4 people.
One who could not speak English so could someone please give me a call at 7703855921.
Made your wait time less for an agent and let me take this survey after I got to talk to the agent not beforehand.
I think the one thing better you could do is have the I guess what you call in the people that answer the phones has too much wait time and I did not got a call back I got disconnected.
All of the invoices have been (unclear) out of network which they clearly were not.
Have a 10 on my telephone I don't have a 10 otherwise I would've used it thank you.
I but called 3 times and after being put on hold waiting for the operator never had an operator never had my questions answered never spoke to anyone except someone on a recording.
Answer the phone so I can talk with someone.
The only answer I got is that my primary has to send in a prior authorization.
Your representative gave me the correct information and I'm very well satisfied.
The phone number that I called I found online which is different than the card.
They did really well but my cell phone the numbers I can't punch a zero.
What could've happened before was it that you should've explained changes to your program and the call would not have been necessary.
Well I didn't get any service and I was automatically transferred to the survey so now I'll have to call back.
You could've had your machine where it didn't send me to the Memorial Hospital instead of to the person that I needed to talk to I had to dial that 3 times in order to finally get through to somebody.
When I called I did the prompt number 2 for the Rewards Program and it went to that number is unavailable.
no idea how I could do this myself other than make a phone call to your representatives.
You could have contacted me to let me know that you were going to send me another check.
Some of your service reps customer service reps are not trained adequately and like I say today this phone call was excellent with your customer service representative named Kenny.
But I have to hang up and call the other number but that's no big deal.
Had to keep on putting me on hold and could not take my information correctly over the phone.
There was no waiting time and my question was answered promptly so I don't have any issues right now.
The problem that I was asking about was the fact that the communication from you got dunked in a puddle and I couldn't read it because the ink ran so you're gonna send me another one.
I spent most of yesterday on the phone waiting to get through to customer service but apparently there was something of an update or a glitch in the computer and the system was down.
So despite multiple calls trying to get my phone number accepted it just never took it.
The only issue I had basically is just being able to possibly get access of a billing document which could be sent online as no sent to me by email as opposed to going into your establishing an online account.
Everything was well covered so I cannot make any suggestions or anything that you could do to improve your service.
I've had questions for my account and also my wife who is gonna start up with your company June the first.
To use my post office box number where the order would be delivered and I would have gotten it.
I was my claim was rejected because of being out of network and yet I think that (unclear) it should've been paid or this outfit that I discussed (unclear) should be in network.
Made notes into my account so my problems wouldn't happen again.
That's prompted my call in if had that been on my bill I would've noticed that your billing is correct.
It's every month I go through this every month since you updated you really need to look at that.
I could've gotten my card for my PCP and it was (unclear) and I (unclear) with that.
Just the wait time a little bit while she was entering the different information she was filling out first but I know a lot of that's beyond your control.
Every time I call to ask questions or something I always get an awesome operator that knows exactly what I'm asking.
For one thing your survey cut in and I never did get finished talking to a service rep.
I should have been able to take care of my passport activation online.
Having (unclear) sent to me email looks like something's gonna come instead via the postal service in 7 to 10 business days.
You even tried to make phone calls on my behalf to clarify some things I had issues with so I greatly appreciate it.
It could have been better to send it to the doctor on time instead of me having to call and get it for a test.
Well you could have not sent an invoice because you see my last payment was $196.
00 to cover me for the balance of the year so I shouldn't have gotten a statement from you and I shouldn't of even had to call you so I guess that's what you could do best.
We couldn't get through and we asked for an address change about 2 weeks ago and we thought that was all handled and when we called to find out about the reward card it kept saying your location and she couldn't find our address.
UPNC has sent me 4 notices to get this paid.
00 which I should've just paid $20.
00 and I had to make a 2nd call today for them to send me out another reimbursement for them because the 1st one was never sent out.
I was transferred and I never received anybody and I went right to the survey and this is the third time and all I'm trying to do is get questions answered about my coverage.
It doesn't even show the one that I got an appointment with but the representative confirmed that he's in network.
They're trying to find help for me making appointments and getting the exact location which I think is great.
Thank the lady for helping me get my credit card back on.
So that was $21 and I paid it on time and everything's good.
customer whatever for this company because I have never had a problem since it started in January.
Except the person might have double checked the information with a supervisor just to give me complete confidence.
I wish there was more like her to take my calls anytime I call.
I can't add anything to the service I received.
You have a certain amount of technical staff that can answer the phones and I was patient enough and waited and understood.
I have not received a card from customer service and I need a card.
The only thing that didn't make it a ten was you weren't able to send me what I needed to see via email.
I have to wait 30 days because it hadn't been processed with you so I'll wait and call you back.
When I called in originally I thought I had canceled my dental plan and apparently there is a computer glitch a known issue that made it so that it was not canceled so I had to call back after receiving a couple of notices that I still owed money.
I don't have a problem with any of the service that I just received.
A repetitive use of the word disenrolled which in fact I never had done and so my concern is not with the representative my concern is with the form letters that you send out that are not always applicable to the situation.
I have never been able to have an easy time trying to do it with the computer.
Directed me from one of your other phone numbers sooner for opt online because I wasn't aware you have a separate phone number for that service.
You were able to help me with finding the website and re registering.
So I'm glad I found out about that I'll check back with you later once I get this straightened out and thank you.
I don't need and I've had that service offered to me many times.
They can't even help me by putting the information where I can find it.
The agent I talked to could not get through tot he company that billed me and I got disconnected (unclear) call me back so that's I put a 5 on them you know if it's being resolved 'cause it hasn't been resolved yet.
Was on put on hold twice for over half hour never got back to but today Janet took care of everything in less than 5 minutes so I think it's just a little competency and accountability and access.
Or give them opportunity to just ask for a representative early on instead of listening to all the non essential information that I was in no need of.
Maybe be able to provide the information but since the account doesn't take effect until June 1st I understand that the representative wasn't able to provide the information.
me from UHC from one telephone number and then they want me to call another number which I normally forget part of.
I'm not sure if it was a glitch that happened when I was making the transition with my insurance.
an application (unclear) filled out the application all by himself but you didn't tell me anything that I was getting and I don't know if I'm real happy with the plan and I'd like to switch but I can't until October 15th.
I answered all 9s instead of 10s because I have discovered in the past that when somebody tries to put a 10 in it registers as either a 1 or a 0 and I don't want the person to be taken down for the rating because this call was about as perfect as anything could get.
The previous phone call went through and I won't say the name took forever like 30 minutes our phone went dead because it took so long.
I still don't have any I sent I received a check for 62 hundred dollars which was marked not negotiable.
I've been calling three or 4 times to get a new check and now I'm told it might take another 10 days to get it.
They didn't put the dash in they left the dash out so when I read the number out the lady it wouldn't confirm the number so she had to take my address and all that to go through.
I was placed on hold with the automated system to wait for a representative and before anybody could come and speak to me the survey automated system kicked in so of course I've answered 0 to everything because I am I have still not had anybody speak to me.
I understand no problem I got my information.
If I was ranking the service on today only it would've been a 4.
The one thing that you used to have that you don't is a on the website an up to date position in where I am in the coverage stage which stage I am in from initial coverage to catastrophic and where I'm located at this point in time.
Well I was unable to get through at all because they had incorrect number in my telephone number.
And finally I guess the girl today did correct the telephone number.
I am so weary of the last 24 hours I've had to deal with all these phone calls.
She must have had other customers or something else going on 'cause she seemed like she couldn't wait to get off the phone with me.
Well I thought that they might be interested more interested in hearing about this place at the EENT Institute that was in your book and at 1595 Highway 34 East and they're listed as a provider in my book and they told me I'd have to sign a contract and I'd have to repay the money.
She will be and she has one two three four four or five other offices that she's been in before and had approval in those offices and that needs to be looked at because I don't know why it takes so long to get more approval for a new office when she's already had authorization for the other offices that were in Miami and Sarasota.
I got the information the Optum RX phone number fax number and got registered with my account.
had trouble logging in I didn't get sent to the right person to change my phone number correctly.
I think if I could've talked with the direct service group that takes my mother's account would've been better.
My only suggestion is that I had to give my member ID and my birth date to the first person I talked to.
I reported my purse being stolen on the 30th of last month and requested a new insurance card be mailed to me.
The answering person the person on the answering machine it was hard to get in to talk with a representative.
I got my problem resolved and I took a couple calls but I got it resolved this time with this customer service rep.
The phone call could've been shorter but I may not have all the information.
I didn't have to wait long for a customer service rep.
And so usually a person that I deal with has to go through seeing that first account and then going back and whatever.
Well you could've tried to save me making a payment.
The problem was I didn't have the right phone number.
I wanted some paperwork documenting how much I've spent in co pays to be sent to my email address.
Becker received the email and the gentleman that I spoke with said the email address would not accept secured papers meaning the documenting of my co pays.
(unclear) I have to wait 10 or 12 days for it come through old snail mail.
I don't know the gentleman said it couldn't be done instead of getting it instantly I have to wait for it to be mailed.
Evidentially I'm not receiving one of my rewards that I had qualified for and it's not on my file but someone named Jennifer is supposed to call me back I hope.
somewhere told me where I could find the explanation of benefit online.
I didn't realize it was under a PVS link.
The only problem that I had with this call was your automatic system.
It wants the number and I start to enter the number and it chatters on without even listening for the number.
So if you wanna reach me my phone number is 3526202550.
Yes my last three calls here your systems have been going down.
So I wasn't able to get information you know on several of those calls.
She had it broken down where I can make 5 payments for $37 for the next five months.
Please find some why to link all these sections together with the renew rewards the customer service everything together so that one person can look up everything I need to find out.
I was sent out (unclear) from renew rewards nobody else in the company seems to know where they went.
Her name was Angel and the supervisor was Mercedes and they put the account number in wrong or the bank number in wrong so it didn't go through so anyway that would be it.
But it took probably 30 minutes on the phone so if you could (unclear) do this and deny people where they have to go for this for being on the phone forever.
I will call again if I have more difficulty or need help or find the solution.
Today was alright the gentleman did explain that y'all needed a signature to switch my billing from credit card to my back account.
Nobody would explain that before does make some sense but talking about the form at the end of the billing statement that I was supposed to get every month.
And helped me with the kindness of any person that was helping an older person that was surprised to find out that I had to send in a power of attorney to get information about my daughter that y'all have insured.
Nothing was wrong with UHC's employee that was on the phone.
Referred me to the information that I need to get to answer my question.
I need to go back from December of last year to reconstruct my payments because they don't show any payments in since March of this year.
April May so and I'm going to go to my bank and find because I always call in a payment minimum payment.
I surely would have liked to have a card in case I forget the confirmation number.
You send out your billing very early and either send out billing later or at least credit my account before you send out the bill.
I was very aggravated that I was never notified that it did not come out of the account nor did I receive a follow up letter stating that it wasn't there and it was on your part not mine.
I got a notice it was terminated this gal got on the phone called them direct and satisfied.
Well I don't think there could have been the person that helped me did research it rather quickly and gave me an estimate of the number of business days this probably take.
I tried to make a payment on May ninth with Andrea and she told me you all didn't have my sister's account and wouldn't give me a confirmation number for the payment I made for my husband.
I would say that on the initial call in on the phone tree some of that information is not caught up to since I changed policy's at the first of 2018 so the computer people need to get caught up but everything else is just wonderful.
I have to tell all that information to a recording and then when somebody gets on the phone I have to repeat all the same information again and it's a waste of my time and you're also putting an operator out of business.
I've been working on trying to get a bill paid that is not mine and I keep hitting a brick wall.
So the survey is null and void basically but you seem to need to fix your telephone service.
And then I ended up calling your person on the phone your representative and they said that myuhcvision has a new website and I've never received information of that even though I received an updated version of my policy.
He makes you feel very important like you're his only customer or only person calling in to make a payment.
I wish that the conversation transaction to put me on the passport could be sent to my email address so that I have a record of it.
One thing that you could've done better for me I had to call 3 times to get the correct person.
And then the last person was the correct person even though I called the same number I called the first time which is on the back of the card.
Well she answered you gave me where I can find some for more information.
I cannot think of anything that would've been more helpful than what Robert did for me by placing my payments on automatic payment.
You could've sent me a writing what the rule was for tier three and when it has to be the three hundred and fifty dollar fee has to be paid.
Well I still haven't received a call setting me up an appointment yet.
I need help because I can't get into the online wherever you go online 'cause it doesn't take my password I reset it.
The lady handled everything to my satisfaction and hopefully I can get my eye doctor my Ophthalmologist back in to your network where he has been before and for some reason was removed and I am trying to get him back in to the network.
I submitted to answer a letter you all sent.
He answered my question and is working on solving my issue with the provider.
Made information easier to find in the book or online otherwise I wouldn't have had to make the call.
But that came from a call I received and they just left a number to call the back of the card and didn't say what it was in regards to.
When the operator answered the phone there's no way for them to have knowledge what you're calling for even though they look in your records because your automated thing that says call the back of the card call us for what.
That everything is recorded I can't get a customer representative to help me on Optum Rx.
But what she said was whatever it says in the 2018 booklet that I won't necessarily be eligible for all of those rewards.
Every time that I have called you and gotten the automated system it does not recognize my birth date which is 06/12/1946.
I just thought it took a long time for what should be a routine situation going to a passport location.
Every time I call the representative the customer service is great.
The agents were very good but the technology is horrible and there's a major gaps in data even the agent could not find address.
I was disappointed that the website was insisting on a choice between paper EOBs and electronic because I did want to view them online but I also wanted to be able to continue to get paper EOBs.
One thing you could do better is have all of your representatives like the one I just had Robert tell us about some benefits we did not know we had and explain how we can access them.
Because I had to go to a person in order to get what I was calling for and the automated system stinks thank you.
I can't think of anything off hand except maybe being able to talk to a customer rep while I registered.
I was actually wanting to take the health assessment survey and I think they transferred me to the survey that is the automated survey for evaluating customer service experiences.
He's going to call me back when he does get an answer so that is convenient but I would prefer to get a response sooner than an hour later.
You could've invited the person and direction I had to go to speak to an individual to get the pre authorization.
If you need to call me back and want to know more about what I am talking about it's 2052699412.
My complaints are usually when I call for information the people are slow.
The phone got answered by you know an agent pretty rapidly.
Actually all the information that's either researched to give to me that I asked for it was just right on.
It's just she said she needed to talk to a specialist that has more screens or more services available.
If they are capable enough to talk on the phone to a member or a member's family they should be able to bring up the information without having to go to someone else and I've had to speak to supervisors before and they can't get the answers for me.
You could not recognize my birth date by my voice period.
I just had a question regarding enrollment into the drug plan and that I had not received my card yet and the representative was able to look at the information and tell me about when to expect that in the mail so all of my issues were resolved.
The one thing that would've helped little bit the telephone number on my bill it says questions I dial that and they didn't know anything about AARP.
I had to get a number off of my internet I think that's confusing to older people like me.
Anyway it wasn't your fault (unclear) frustrated I wasn't able to remember how to get my supplies that I needed.
And then the barcode I had to call about that there were 2 barcodes on 2 separate pages.
And I was requested to a fax over my power of attorney paper which I can do just not today.
But you know I couldn't resolve everything today I made my payment to another account with my name on it but you know I'm sure she was doing her job.
Actually nothing it was just a follow up call I wanted to make sure that the number I called was the right number for my doctor to call.
Your representative went above answered every question to my satisfaction and I'm sorry I hit the wrong button for number one question one.
I've been on since I think about an hour now and I tried to do it myself because it wants a password that's longer a different name not my oh my God it's just so I know you're protecting our security and that's why I'm not upset.
Let me know if I was authorized to speak on behalf of my deceased and then to have the proper mailing address ready as opposed to a long wait.
I couldn't get online for a number of times that I have tried this past year.
So I need to get that cleared and I'll do that later at a later time to be able to get online.
Every time I've called for assistance the noise in the background is so bad I can hardly hear the customer service representative that I'm talking to.
I go back to the website I see that my doctor's group is (unclear).
On the automated voice when it asks for my ID it says my coverage expired in 2016 I would like that updated because I am current people that I have spoken with on the rare occasions that I do have always been wonderful thank you.
But if you are mailing me monthly statements at my current address yet you are showing in your records an address that's three years old you've got a major problem.
I have no negative feedback on the person that took my call today.
I can get a coupon for 80%.
Where under my preferences it asked how I wanted my delivery of information and I clicked mail but it wouldn't let me click mail.
It (unclear) allow me to click mail but then it wouldn't allow me to progress and I had to accept an online paperless document.
You had incorrect information about my phone number and the computer Internet data is very difficult to work.
I had to call back twice because my phone kept getting disconnected.
When I tried to call previously I kept getting hung up and the automated voicemail I don't know the voice interactive system I don't know it went through to a real person this time but you should make it easier to contact a person like utilizing the 0 option thank you.
couldn't seem to get the email to go through to my regular inbox.
So she gave them to me verbally but I'd like to have the list and also the reviews and their addresses and things like that.
After I had put on passport why the billing department does not recognize passport.
The call was okay but I didn't like the website information.
Every time I call I get a different answer to the same question.
You could've sent my mail out in English instead of Spanish since I don't speak Spanish.
It takes too long for me to please get someone to answer the phone.
Seems like it takes a long time to get through the screens on your computer.
When you call in you ask for a representative so that recording just to stop and give you a representative.
Some of the refills didn't go through then when I got back on to make orders for refills I suddenly found out because it looks like I was (unclear) but I then I checked it looks like it's being charged 2000 dollars.
I've filed two complaints if somebody would call me at 4144186650.
They didn't recognize any of my phone numbers that I put in.
Answered my questions and gave me solutions possibilities to anything they couldn't answer.
You could've notified me that my claim was refused because I don't know why.
They didn't notify me that my claim was refused so and that was on the wheelchair so thank you.
You could actually put my caller through this is a customer service rep and I'm listening to the survey.
You didn't have an answer to my question at this time and said it might take 30 days for the answer to come through.
Put the right telephone number on the label the label of the medicine I got another number ending in C470 thank you.
Actually today the service was fantastic I can't think of anything you could've done better except for the automated person on the phone (unclear) you know (unclear).
I was trying to find a payment to a Doctor who gave me a cortisone shot a couple of years ago and the gal in accounting and billing was able to find a Doctor who gave me an X-ray but she did not have the address or the phone number to where the payment was made.
All this what you could do you could at least when the plan is changed someone could call or get in touch with the client okay.
You need to get rid of your preliminary automated phone tree trying to direct me to who I needed to speak to.
The automated system indicated that my wait would only be about 5 minutes and actually it was.
Gave me the information that I need and also looked up some more information for me to help me make better decisions on what people to.
I filled out all the forms properly back in March when I retired and there are 2 situations that came up this LEP charge which is incorrect.
So I should've received an explanation of benefits but instead I received a notice of denial of payment.
Other than maybe keeping my checking information on file and maybe allowing me to do it more automated okay thank you.
It's really nice that I can call and not have to wait on the phone a long time.
I wish that website would've been available on the main website that I had the address for on the back of my benefit card.
I don't know that you could have done better but I needed assistance today and the office where I can get that assistance is not open until Monday so I will call back Monday and get that assistance.
I have to call back on Monday 'cause the doctors office is closed.
She was excellent and I don't think you could've done anything more than to update your automated services when there is a recorder or an electronic voice talking with you.
I've missed like three four years of paper information and it's been recorded that I desire paper reports.
Answer my phone nobody came to the phone before you.
You could have signed me up for automatic payment when I signed up initially.
I just need to go on the website and get the information.
And that would've helped me if he was under your network providers.
I would say I had to call back on an appeal because they denied a medication and when I called back which is how I was instructed to do it by your telephone message left I did and reached an agent that heard the problem and talked me through the entire computer questionnaire with all the right information and overwriting which he gets a 10 for that one.
If you let me know and of course my phone number is 36145257699.
So that's the reason why I gave a low number on referring my friends to it.
I have tried to put in my member ID number by touchtone and by saying.
The only thing that could have been better was not the person who gave up the information but when you send out documentation and there's a payment you should include it in so the person knows what is coming out of their account.
The only thing you could have done better was to have the information for the over the counter part of the benefits on the webpage.
one of the issues I had was I cannot get on the web anymore because I didn't do something before April 18th.
It seems that you should have both of my addresses on file.
The representative could not find my New York address but if you don't have them on file you should make arrangements to have 2 addresses for people because there are a lot of people that have 2 different homes.
Your representative disconnected the call and I've been on hold now for over twenty minutes.
However my previous call I asked for a form and they sent me the wrong form that's why I answered never.
All I need today is to reorder the catalog to order some supplies and I'm not even going to be able to get that for two to three weeks which seems a little unusual to me.
I would like to get that catalog sooner but my only complaint would be that it took me a lot of time today and I am at work and I probably should've did it while I wasn't at work.
Have your customer service people not to laugh at somebody over the phone and hang up on them.
every time I call my issue is corrected right there on the spot with the first person I talk to.
I called IT and the IT department gave me this whole other information and website to go to to find the information that was never disclosed in the letter.
I just think the communication to new customers was very poor with this letter.
And it said to register and log onto the website and I could find out all the information and that just.
It wouldn't let me do it until my enrollment date.
Didn't say anything like that in the letter but it does tell me when my enrollment date is which I know.
Every time I call UHC and put in my member ID number it is not recognized.
The representative tried to follow up to my insurance company to find the answer.
Hi I was on the phone close to an hour with the representative and she just put me on hold constantly and never helped me with the problem that I had regarding my billing question and finally I had to tell her to give me a reference number so I could call back at another time and get another representative.
I've been getting the order numbers been shipped so and so in my email.
I need a phone call on my name of my medication by phone or on my email.
Had never explained the problem I've been having where I've been talking to somebody at your company.
I cannot log in.
I got a notice of denial payment and apparently something was sent to the wrong billing department.
Y'all just sent me a notice of denial request for the doctor and put me in a panic.
I was updating credit card information I've been on with your phone for better than 25 minutes.
Yes I requested some information to be mailed to me on the 2nd of May.
I called and gave my ID number and your recording couldn't read it.
I submitted everything I need to submit and it doesn't seem to be enough information.
I asked (unclear) some time ago did you know of anyone which I live alone and I would like something that I can wear around my neck I can press a button and that person will come to my aid and assistance in case of emergency.
I just wish that you online network provider list was more up to date.
The only problem was the representative was unable to get a hold of the eye glass company other than that everything was great thank you.
other than doing (unclear) my change of address with this young lady tried to help me with.
it was like last year when I signed up with you that I declined this and in a previous call that I declined this and I know when I call when I've talked to another CSR and I told him I'm not interested in doing this.
I like the fact that I get to speak to a customer service representative almost immediately.
Be more forthcoming with the information and not having to have the member try to figure out things when the person there has all the information to give to the patient.
Check back to see if I had received my prescriptions so that I didn't have spend three extra calls finding out where it was.
I think in the writing communication one could make it clearer that with automatic billing or automatic withdrawal there's no bill.
I had I lost my card and I'm getting a replacement card and she did give me a some additional information.
I'm just trying to get some information about payments that I need to make that I didn't know I had so that's all I got to complain about.
I called kind of early so the representative tried to help me but you know the claim wasn't filed.
Been knowledgeable enough to answer my question without referring it to a supervisor.
I needed to have an ID number but it was not available for the rep at this time.
And he's gonna send packages in the mail for product I need to have done.
Actually I was just saying just update just waiting on them to send the letter.
I was not able to access my husband's account without his presence.
On this call there could have been nothing done better but on the previous several calls because of how long they were I assume because of how long they were I was transferred through from the automated system a representative and I stayed with the same representative and I have said I would be willing to participate in the survey but for whatever reason and I think it must have been because of the length of time I spent with the representative that after the representative and I said goodbye it never went to the survey and I don't know why but there was at least two times but I think probably 3 that that happened and I didn't get through the survey and the second and third time there was a almost none whatever survey one but I would have agreed to it but there was no survey and the last two representatives I talked to on two separate and different phone calls and I talked to them and said that I had not gotten a previous survey and the third time not gotten to the two previous for a survey and the third one I didn't get to a survey.
But the EOBs that have to wait a month I used to be able to get them on a computer right away in the old days.
When anytime I have a bill I can't go on the computer and find out.
I have to call up so I can pay my bills on time.
the doctor's were paid on April the 26th and I have to wait until May 31st before it shows up on the statement.
It is way past spring and yet your representative just told me that I did not have those available today.
If you could please tell me what each billing code means on while I'm looking on the item on your website.
I would press 10 but I have the old cell phone and it only goes to 9.
Except my cell phone as I told you only goes to 9.
And I actually have my paperwork completed before the end of march.
I hit zero because I don't remember actually having to fill out any particular forms so that's why I hit zero.
I'm just waiting for the my the copy of a providers directory to get here and that's it.
My password and all that and I used to be able to log in and sometimes I can't log in I have to change my password and everything and that's the only problem.
She's researching that now and is going to call me back so I am sure that when I get the call back and I get a survey again I will have a very high rating just for the effort that she's putting into it.
The doctor apparently didn't submit a claim so she told me to call the office and have them submit it and they would pay it.
I made an overpayment and I can't get my money back.
That I needed to call in every time I need to get a form to send in a claim.
Yeah your system (unclear) still couldn't pick up certain information on your system.
one of the claim was not code was not correct so I have to do it myself.
I don't have the representatives complain about their computers.
checking to see if I was eligible for a denture.
The only thing that I had a problem with was the software recognizing my password.
I'd like to speak to a representative and I never did get to speak with no one and you gave me the survey first.
I won't know how good the service how it worked the advice worked because I have to try going on my computer and see if I can get in to the site I checked with her.
Only on the automated portion of the call it was fine to log in and get my address and give you the date of birth.
My passed experiences on the phone with your customer service people in the last six months many of them do not know.
I was unable to get into the website to my account but the phone service was super.
When the computer asks me for my ID I didn't know what she was talking about.
Had she said my membership or my member ID then I it would have been much easier for me to know.
But when I asked what it would cost mail order first I'm told it's 51 percent or something.
And I'm very disappointed that I've had to made all these phone calls and go through all of this frustration just to get a correction made on a statement that is sent to me monthly when it is not my fault.
It's not your all's fault apparently except your computer cannot correct it and send me a correct statement.
Not disconnected my call when I was talking tech support.
So evidently I was disconnected somehow and I will probably not get a call back from that individual.
I forgot my password so I couldn't get in.
It's probably something where I have a claim that has been denied and I'm resubmitting the claim or I'm reviewing the claim asked me for a review instead of calling me and being personal you send me a secured message and email.
She's going to get in contact with my internalist and get back with me within an hour or two.
I should have been notified by mail or an email that I needed to change my.
I'm waiting for some email info to back up what I learned.
you answered my questions and I have no complaints.
That automatically teller thing that telling me to put my birthday in.
I think (unclear) explaining to me and staying on the phone and to help me out on my answer.
No I'm completely happy with the experience I had with the customer service rep nothing to add.
Have trouble getting my answers in on the computer when you try to use your keypad work with the computer it seems to be hard to communicate correctly for the computer for me whether I don't hear it correctly or whether I'm just don't understand the question.
I had a member needing some information on exercise therapy and wanted the number for Optum Fitness Advantage and could not get that phone number to the member.
I can't think of anything better I just want to take care of everything before not to send me all this mail but here were are it was all very good and professional.
And we didn't know this for 4 months and so your folks the other day and today your rep from Mexico finalized the transfer to make those accounts better.
You send me my bills I write out a check send it directly back to you.
Michael was very clear about my bill the past due that it probably just crossed in the mailing.
I think you were quite adequate in what you did I have the information that I need and I'm gonna send it where I was told to send it send the information.
You could have let me talk to an operator or a supervisor or somebody.
I would prefer being able to contact you electronically by just asking questions in an email and I see that that's no longer available on the website thank you.
It took the representative a while to find information on the computer pertaining to my account if that were a little faster that would help thank you.
First one was no help and if I get the same agent every time I call I will be a happy camper.
Totally worn out and I got some paperwork to fill out and get it into the mail yet and I still don't have my problem solved.
When I called in sometimes your computer does not recognize my date of birth.
The only thing I'd like to have (unclear) and I don't know if you can pass this on but I had to look up your number that I just called to get the information I needed but I had called the regular customer service number and they knew nothing about how to get in contact with you.
And I was just with the nice gentleman Anthony I gave him all the information 'cause I just got it in the mail today and he can't find anything in there where I owe and $80 copay.
In fact it's already cleared from the bank when I got my statement from my bank and checking account it's already cleared but he can't give me a particular.
You did alright when you answered my phone call.
I think the customer service representative's computer was slow so it took a bit of time to schedule appointment.
So far I've gotten charged a $64 late fee from them and I was told today it's gonna take another seven to ten days for-.
They or I should say you UHC used to call me within 24 hours with the information which I called for.
Some of the online information is very misleading and that's primarily why I called the representative.
Spent time to make sure that it was a provider that was taken in my network.
If the information I was needing would have been there for the customer service person to give it to me since he couldn't do anything and there was no number on the letter that I received so he couldn't help me there.
He took the time to answer my questions explain to me what I needed and give me numbers to look into if I need any more services and I sure appreciate it.
You could've had your representative be able to email me the list of providers in my area.
I was told that that's not possible and so I had to be given each one over the phone with the name spelling and address and phone.
The one thing that could've been done better for me is I could've gotten to speak to a representative instead of the representative laying their headset down where I can hear all the background noise in the back but no one ever answered my call to even help me with the situation for which I called for in the beginning.
They could answer the phone instead of taking their headsets off laying it on their desks.
But hopefully I will get an email in which I can evaluate Valentina.
It has taken me an hour and 15 minutes on the phone and I would appreciate if a manager someone call me my number's 8036454049 because I will consider other options in the future.
You really couldn't have done anything much better for me other than the fact that I told my young lady I spoke to that people who do not use the computer need a up to date 2018 provider directory that's at least fairly accurate.
Had a better answer of why that I was removed from the old over the counter essentials without being notified.
I'm sorry I can't push 10 on my cell phone because some texts have come in which I don't want to disconnect from you so I haven't been able to use the top line of numbers so I've given every question a 9 which is almost perfect.
Your representative went to great length to try to help answer my question about a power wheelchair.
You should be able to store my checking account information instead of me repeating it to you every month.
Not sent the letter in the first place and it should've been addressed years ago.
And you may call me back at any time to talk about this on my cell 6025499383.
I cannot think of anything other than maybe sending me an email confirmation with the confirmation number.
I guess the initial phone call where you have to wait for customer (unclear) the only problem I had.
I would like to have my statements online rather than coming in the mail.
when I dial customer service I like to use one number for all.
on my first call I got disconnected but my 2nd call went absolutely perfect.
Your appeals process is very tedious and I felt like I was filing for a rebate with all the specific information in a very specific form and it just made me feel like if I missed one character or one letter or one number that would be a reason for denial.
So if I can be connected now to a representative.
And (unclear) the first question because something came up on my phone.
So when my the customer service technician has an accent I have difficulty understanding and have to ask them to repeat.
This call was successful but I had to try several UHC websites to get to here.
I could've supplied my ID number quicker.
On the automated system I got tied into a loop it would've been more convenient if you had an option to say to press 0 to get straight to customer service.
I don't know what your review process is but somebody should have at least called us emailed us written us a letter and let us know what the problem was.
You asked for date of birth and address to pass it on to the next person which keeps on asking the same thing over and over.
less confusing if I knew I had to register for all different things.
And so now I have to go make another phone call and spend another twenty minutes on the phone talking to somebody else.
made it so I could've got directly to my mail order drugs without having to go through two or three transfers.
The only thing I can think of is that your website was not functioning correctly.
It told me that it was going to send me an email contact in order to complete the process of developing my health ID health security ID and I still have not received that and that was the reason why I said your website has some glitches to it.
I was given a I was connected to another number which was going to look at my prescription health components and the number dialed then it said I have reached a number that's no longer working.
The worker there who connected me should've did a better job of getting me connected to the things that I need and it wasn't done so now I'm still left at just where I started this whole thing.
I will call back for more information.
it's about noon here in Chicago and I've been on the phone with you guys for 5 hours because I was having problems with the portal.
(Unclear) problems it takes a lot of time today it took thirty minutes to find out whether I paid by credit card or by check.
That is not good so your agent should have some access to correct information thank you.
Whether you've ever had a system like that where I answer the questions and you get a discount card thank you.
Your site is awful and this new security program that you have is arcane in terms of using it.
They hooked me up with the wrong number the wrong person to talk to and I don't know who it was but they said that they didn't insure anybody in the state of Georgia.
And perhaps if Jason had offered to contact the provider directly then that would've been an improvement.
Go home 5132535276 I worked as a switchboard operator you need to keep her thank you.
You could've sent me a letter showing I was in the donut hole a little quicker than 2 weeks thank you.
Your computers need to be upgraded because every time I call the representatives are having problems getting into their system.
It was a you know the billing statement error that had been corrected by Walgreens but no one told us.
The representative that I spoke to took the extra step by calling up the billing department or the doctor's office to verify that they had the proper address and they were resubmitting the bill again.
Twenty minutes (unclear) call get that answered my question.
I have attempted several times to update my address.
I either posed the question incorrectly or there is not an answer.
It took 3 different phone calls to get this final thing done and there were 3 that were excellent 1 I actually was not very comfortable with and the phone disconnected from some how she just the phone just got disconnected.
I don't believe there was I just called to have my card replaced and it was the service was absolutely perfect.
If you need to speak to me concerning this (unclear) my name is (unclear) my number is 8033188890.
Doctor Liz to Doctor Ready and I had to call several telephone numbers but I got the answer from my telephone on my Medicare card.
You could have kept me connected to the woman who was servicing me instead of cutting me off automatically and sending me over to this idiot survey.
I have had a horrible time with your phone service.
I read off the number and everything right off my card.
I can never input my birth date or my number into the phone.
Oh I think Gina who helped me and answered all my questions and gave me my rewards right away and is mailing the card out.
I think that the drawback is that the letter I received the where it said the Internet site to go visit was not it was not the right one.
But my only suggestion would be you need to put the right Internet site to go to since there's so many things available there especially at that site that was provided on this letter.
I'm trying to find who was calling and I can't find out so I can't push a number to give you a number on that.
10 so also you never notified that that subsidy had ended.
Overall it has been resolved now and I know that I need to apply for the Epic subsidy.
The person I did talk to was would be able to I guess look into the computer or do whatever they do to look and see and then be immediately informed about what the phone call was about that's it.
However I needed to go through all the different verifications before letting them know for the reason for my call but otherwise satisfied.
And I know that I get quite helpful service when I do call.
I was not able to access your system because my benefits don't begin until June 1.
The gentleman who helped me whose name was Gill was fantastic he tried every aspect to help me find the answer to my solution questions however I was looking for a handicap scooter for my husband and in our area of Cocoa Beach Florida there are three companies none of which have these scooters in their store and they can't even tell me what to look for the web site to see what would be paid for.
I've not yet received a call and I have no idea what her name is.
The only thing you could've done better is to have sent me the provider directory in advance.
The only small complaint I have is Gale who is the one that was helping me her computer was slow.
Hire more of your agents to have more information on the things I was asking about.
Have your agents instead of saying a brief moment or just give me a moment train them to say I may need 3 or 4 or 5 minutes give me a phone number and I'll get back to you.
I needed a dental claim form and it would've been good to have it sent electronically by email rather than using regular mail.
I'm waiting for a medical reimbursement request form to arrive and it's been almost a month and I still haven't got an answer on that but she was very helpful in trying to find that information for me.
Now I've waited and I had I missed the deadline I believe unless I can get them back quickly so somebody should figure out what (unclear) person calls and asks for a particular thing and if they're not understanding then they should ask for further information instead of saying you've sent it out and make it the wrong thing.
supposed to get some books out (unclear) information on my plan.
I put my phone number in 3 times and it was the right number and the computer kept saying they couldn't find me.
It was sending me a letter indicating that my insurance was no longer my provider was no longer in the group that was the problem I had and that's the reason for the calls that I've made every time I've spoken to three different customer people and they've all been absolutely wonderful so it wasn't that it was that the letter had come out and scared me and I understand a number of other people into thinking our providers were no longer available so that's it.
So if somebody would like to call me back my number is 5019226064.
Finally getting the number into your system so it was your system not the operator that helped me today.
She did a great job but the phone system was less than desirable.
So that there is a I guess balance outstanding that I never received in the mail at my new address where I've been for 2 years at 229 Hocutt Farm Drive Clayton North Carolina.
I would've liked to have known why I was sent an inaccurate card with a different PCP doctor on it from my account.
Your phone service when I dialed the one eight eight eight hundred number kept cutting out on me.
I'd have to think about it a minute but one thing is that they were telling me that on my form that you all said that they paid me eighteen ninety two on my visit and I didn't know what she'd meant by that.
My phone screen was failing and so numbers were not entered properly.
But he they are going to send a reimbursement form.
And even your employees have extension numbers where next time I call I'd like to talk to Penny.
I had no problems with today's call and they've answered all my questions and I don't seem to have anything to add to improvement.
The representative was very nice it was something that I have to figure out with Social Security so I have to call Social Security and find out.
We lost one of our card and there they gave me the information I need for the doctor tomorrow and they're gonna send us a new copy.
Actually I simply have more phone numbers that I need to call.
Resolve my problem the first day it took 3 days and 3 different people to get the answer.
The person I worked with was very nice still annoyed that I have to wait for forms to fill out that's the only problem that's why it's a 9 and not a 10.
You could've answered the phone more quickly especially when it's transferred to another person.
You answered the phone right away.
You got all my questions answered and you were most helpful in calling the doctors office to explain to them how to file this claim.
Make sure you didn't have another PCP name on my ID card that I didn't say I wanted.
They sent my claim to the Georgia address rather than the Salt Lake City and I've been arguing with them for the last 3 days.
You could've given me my gift card for having my complete physical done over a month ago.
They asks me to put in my date of birth and I did it twice and they want it a 3rd time I don't know what I was doing wrong.
Your service representatives could've helped me immeasurably if they had the winning lottery numbers for Saturday nights lotto game available but they didn't.
Yesterday I did get the answers that I accepted from your customer rep.
definitely misleading and I had to search on my own.
They were sending me way out of my ZIP code and I gave them ZIP codes.
I had to answer my member ID number 3 times and every time it wasn't.
I can't tell you how many times I've spent on the phone with various nice attendants wanting to help me solve the problem.
Instead of telling me that I was in network when (unclear) and now that I've had it for 3 or 4 months I'm out of network.
When I got the calls to call and call you back the phone number that they gave me they repeated twice but I wasn't near a piece of paper and pencil.
I need some more clearance on that to get that done and write down the phone number.
I would say the one thing you could've done better is when I called in to the line and I had to answer a couple of prompts I mentioned home care benefits and so forth.
Would've been nice to go a little bit quicker to the customer service representative.
I've tried 3 times over the last month or so and after I put in all of my information it just sits there and processes until my computer times out and that's the same thing it's still sitting there right now processing and never takes me anywhere.
It wasn't the person's fault it was that the system was so slow to load when she was trying to find out my information and information.
This could have been resolved a lot earlier without all the phone calls and time spent with so many different agents to get this resolved.
I'm proud of my insurance I had a military who was on the phone.
I am it should be 7722871530.
I have to follow up again and or hopefully I'll receive a phone call from your organization in order to know how to proceed.
One of the I have to tell you of the best phone conversations I've had with a service agent in quite a long time.
This took me five times to call the help line to get this resolved.
The customer service was great and we didn't have to punch this number and that number to get a person to talk to.
I think at the beginning of the recorded message you should have you could have directed the call directly to a representative.
Karen who worked on my account I would love to give her a fifteen or a twenty.
I pushed the wrong button on my first thing.
I've never had a problem with your company but I think every company should have employee's like the gentleman I spoke to on the phone.
I think that if you would have the customers information available in the system prior to sending out the cards with the affected date that might be helpful.
so the agent would be able to give the clients the information that they're calling for.
The card that was sent out to me wasn't the right (unclear) doctor's (unclear).
Had the answers to my questions and not give me another phone number to call.
The only problem I have had a couple of times is when we're trying to transfer over from one department to another it takes a long time and this time I got disconnected but then I called back we were all set.
But the last question you asked was about the forms and my problem was that I had difficulty getting into our claims file.
Answer my questions not keep transferring me and transferring me and transferring me answer my questions.
I ended up using my trying to come through using my regular land line and I finally realized after I'd been rejected 3 or 4 times that it was my cell phone.
My cell phone number did work and that's probably my fault rather than your fault.
I wish you had records available to you prior to my 65th birthday.
Actually I don't think you could've done any better for me I am satisfied with the information I received and the answers I received and I'm anxiously awaiting the credit contract or copy.
You could've gotten me to a customer service representative to work out my technical issues instead of switching me directly into this survey.
You need a new headset over the phone the rep says that that's ridiculous.
Nothing the representative was wonderful answered all my questions and no need for a call back.
I received a notice of non payment and according to the agent it was paid and I think the left hand of the company needs to know what the right hand is doing.
I had my information my ID number and all that ready for her.
The only thing is I remember in 2017 we got two checks rather than gift cards.
Your automated answering requested information about my member ID my date of birth and after that it finally passed me over to a person and the person did the same thing.
Transferred the call the first time without dropping the call so that I had to dial again.
It has nothing to do with the customer representative other than that I was satisfied with everything.
She helped me very much (unclear) my provider because it was not the right address that the man (unclear) on the card.
So I had to talk to a customer service rep.
Well the agent that I spoke to today really (unclear) my concerns because I talked to a customer service rep earlier today and they apparently gave me wrong information and I called another insurance plan.
They've gave me phone numbers so I can get education with and phone numbers to call for my pharmacist.
And I tried to ask her what the name of the company so that I can let my doctor know the name of the company to call.
Your automated system did not work at all and also a couple of days ago my husband called in to get a reward and we were gonna do the survey and got cut off.
There was misnumbering of my account number and that delayed my automatic withdraw and when I made my payment in April I requested my automatic withdraw back then and it hasn't happened.
This is the 3rd or 4th time I've had to call because I have no received my member ID card in the mail.
And it's just taking multiple calls and I still don't have my member ID card.
But as far as trying to access my account because I'm a new member already toward the end of the month I have not received my card in the mail which I need proof of for an appointment tomorrow and did not get they can not access information.
So I wanted to forward this information so hopefully next time somebody when they give you approval for.
this letter I got in the mail from my advocate and says (unclear).
Every time I call I have to go through this whole process multiple times.
Well when I called they wanted to connect me to the representative but the line went dead so that's the only thing.
I would've rated today's call at the highest level and I would've rated yesterday's call to Carlos at the highest level but you're incorporating a lot more calls in one survey so that was the reason I answered the way I did.
It was just the paperwork you send us paperwork that was a little confusing.
This person finally helped me with the last step steps of getting registered online and stuff and she told me why the other ones sent me the directory and so forth I mean sent me to this website because it's got the directory.
Basically what you could do is to make sure that all claims are processed completely before you send out information about denial.
So you need to be sure that you have followed through with all processing before these denials are sent forward.
Unfortunately we just wanted a new ID card and there's absolutely nothing on the menu to indicate who you need to speak to.
We were transferred four to five times luckily there was a short wait but you really need to put that on your menu somewhere for member services.
Had the website working so I wouldn't have to call.
my call was answered by an automated system and after providing the information they said they were having technically difficulties and transferred me to a live person.
If your system is not operating properly you should've answered directly with a live person.
The second thing is I've ordered a replacement card and they say it's taking 7 to 10 business days which is ridiculous.
Whenever I first called I had called the number that's on the back of the (unclear) card the 18778423210 and it was for advertisement it went into how I could have roadside assistance for calling in today and then it went to a satellite TV promotion also (unclear) quite a lengthy conversation trying to get through to y'all and that could be better.
Nothing on the call but I was very upset that I couldn't go online to make an address change and your website is very hard.
Make sure that this is the plan that I want and if not I'll give you a call back.
I guess just have better records of when you were notified about my passport or whatever it was and then I wouldn't have got all this over billing stuff.
Like I was checking on something with dentistry and it takes you from page to a different chapter and another page.
If they could get that as 305 instead of 30005 then I probably would've used the automated system as opposed to being transferred to a different person.
I was looking at the provider directory that I was sent and the name of my dental.
dentist that was there at before today is in there but Mr Ricks is not in there and they told me in his office they've been he'd been a member for 18 years and his member number was 16248.
There isn't anything better that I think that could have been done with my relationship on my phone call with the representative.
Please see the representative that I talked to on the phone was exceptional in every way.
When a customer calls in and gets your computerized answering machine it's almost impossible if you don't have a problem that sits in the narrow categories it's impossible to get the computer to understand what you want.
I think I spent over an hour trying to change a user name and password.
I don't think that there's anything you could've done with this conversation but I was just confused with the way the payments were being applied to my account.
I send one check for my husband and myself I put both of the bills so to speak in with the same envelope so I put both numbers on the same check.
I was initially told that I could send the one check each month as long as I sent the 2 bills with them that would be my only complaint right at this time.
And they come very late I don't usually get them until after the 15th or the 20th of the month and they tell me you want them in your office by the 1st of the month.
You should have my member ID and my wife's member ID linked together so that when you call for service if you give one of the numbers they can find the records for the other person.
Don't make the sign up system so complicated it took the representative over half an hour just to help me set up my account.
I received a message on my answering machine but it didn't give me a call back number.
Told me to call back the number on the back of my card and there are two or three numbers on the back of my card.
Just move a little bit faster so I didn't needed all the information he gave me thank you.
Like as soon as I hang up I get my product in the mail.
It would be better if I didn't have to be transferred from one phone to another and have to repeat the same information over and over again thank you.
So you save some money rather than faxing 30 pages over at 2 dollars and change per page.
I think that that was good and that I could get help now so it's the first time that I've been given these telephone numbers to contact someone and I've been dealing with this problem for probably six months.
Nothing she was very kind and patient with me and (unclear) my advocate and I have the I got a missed call and I it said press three to not get these calls anymore or something and I had to call that number back 'cause I wasn't sure what key to press and I hung up and I she said yes we don't just have one number that we'll call you from (unclear) can't put that on my list it's not worth the trouble so I'll just call that number myself and I'll remove my cell phone (unclear) advocate list.
I called in to (unclear) my passport has been activated.
You could have looked at my records and realized that I was already approved before you sent me out the denial notice.
And so I would like for the robot not to answer the phone and for me to be able to talk to a human being each time I call.
Now the young lady that I talked to asked me for my email address well right now my email is down because something happened to my internet service provider.
So even though I'm paying for the internet I'm not able to use it and I don't want to get on that d*** computer trying to get information when I'm trying to remember how to spell the words and type and all that c***** stuff.
which they gave us 6124358148 instead of repeating everything and you ask for a representative they should patch you through to a representative instead of saying the same thing over.
I believe the one thing that might have improved the communication between us is to have all of the people we spoke with understand the same definition of primary provider or secondary provider.
Then when you get the packet in the packet you get all the informations.
You actually have the best phone experience I have had in years you were able to get me to a person right away rather than go through a very long phone tree.
The only thing I have to say is try to get in touch with customer service at 7:59 and it was just one minute I couldn't understand how come customer service couldn't answer my phone call at 7:59 instead of waiting until 8:00 o'clock.
However I'm just trying to get an application processed and was assured by my insurance agent that it would go into affect June 1st.
I need to talk to a representative to file a change of address.
My wait time for my representative to check my account and information was too long.
I will just be waiting for a response on a claim to be assessed.
You have a very good person on the other end of the phone that gave me great instructions.
or at the place there that I called to tried to get the information is great.
He waited for me answer a voicemail on my cell phone because I have to find a phone number he needed.
I just wish you had a better website that I could Google to search some of what I needed.
Well I did have trouble putting my phone number in it had my cell phone number that's why and I had called up previously and they had.
But evidentially when they changed it to my land line it didn't go through so naturally it wouldn't except my land line.
the automated thing to take my telephone number and (unclear) it right.
But on my new cell phone I can only go as high as nine I think.
So I will have to go to another department to ask for that information.
I should have been more informed as to your passport issue.
If I don't receive my new cards that would be an issue.
The customer service representative did not know the answer to lots of my questions and had to put me on hold to get the answers from someone else.
The only thing that one could do for me me personally is update your initial contact with the customer.
The only suggestion I would have is to look into contact lens coverage because it apparent there were all those (unclear) covered on a biannual basis.
I just got off the phone with your customer service rep Valencia.
Everything was done perfectly to get me onto the site and get me (unclear) for my membership so I'm good.
However when I called before on the same issue the other representative had given me information that wasn't accurate.
You didn't have to lie about the date that the 15 dollar gift certificate for Walmart was gonna be here.
But they said they cannot give out a number to just fax the receipts in to you guys.
The reason that I gave a 9 on that last one was I'll give it a 10 when I know that you receive it and it's gone to the proper place.
When I had to request for a supervisor it was not written up because they didn't see on the screen the reference number extremely important information.
So that each person is doing there most thorough job it needs to be more even and consistent in terms of the quality of the responses and the help assistance on the phone so 420 is 4 was very satisfactory 423 was not satisfactory if that wasn't my reference number that was given was not seen and it was extremely important information and that I need to be talking about with a supervisor and there's supposes to be a call back today.
Also to please include ID as well as the name of the person incase I have to retrace that person again.
I wouldn't change anything this service the service was good.
I find it difficult to get through the computer generated questions to get to a representative which is normally what I'm calling for.
The only thing that would have been better was to be able to get a card faster than 10 days but I'll live with it.
I was just looking into (unclear) if you had record of eligibility for logistics transportation.
The only thing concerns I have every time I call with your automated now this time the automated hung up on me so I really don't like you know the automated.
I am unable to really go through the service because I wasn't completely finished telling it about my problem that I have.
I have to call the number on the back of my medical card.
And if I ever have to call back I wish I'd be able to get her have her answer the phone for me.
I would get some confirmation email when I made the selection from online or paperless to US Mail.
It took me 7 times to get through to American Express with an English speaking person who could understand what I needed.
You gave me the phone number I needed to notify my PCP of a change in processing my prescriptions and that's all I needed.
The person that answers your call because sometimes I get cutoff.
I need to contact an RN.
The billing should've been corrected the first time instead of making me call back 3 times and it's still not resolved.
It's a battle to get our passport activated and so if we're in network and we call and then it's not done here and not done there and then the next time it is in network.
Well the computer was kind of slow calling up my info.
Provide an option to stop robot calls from all of your organizations you affiliate with rather than having to do it each and every time a new one starts sending me robot calls.
If you had had the capability to email me a direct reimbursement form that would have been nice.
I received a phone call and it was not the phone number that it us on the back of my UHC card for customer service and it really makes you wonder if they're legitimate phone calls.
Provide prompt clear answers to how I could have found this information on your website.
I would have preferred to be able to get an override or prior authorization.
He helped me and I was having problems with this on my iPad and it's asking for a new password and I just got this one.
even had me update my contact (unclear) adding my wife and I really appreciate that.
I have a call I have to hang up bye.
And she the lady that transfer us the same time it takes you know when I call in I didn't get transferred two or three times so I'd get the questions that I want and need to talk to.
With the people that take calls sometimes people that take calls I get transferred to the wrong person.
Just have the things that I would be eligible for on the account so when I call I will know and report them as they become available.
If they would take your number and call you back that might be helpful.
I can't talk to them about a charged to my.
I get your EOB's after I get my bills so I have to call and find out if it's correct or not.
It's just that I've gotten three notices that didn't have the right mailing addresses.
I think the only thing that could've been improved and this has nothing to do with the conversation is that when I tried to call in and handle this by phone it.
Sharon the representative answered all my questions and was able to get me my rewards for one of my things and told me how I could access it in the future for my annual physical wellness visit when I do that.
I called to ask what my portion of an out of network would be (unclear) advice.
You could've called the doctor for me instead of me having to turn around and call another number.
The representative did not have the address that I was looking for to mail in a reimbursement request.
And I will wait to receive the paperwork in the mail.
When I called she was able to give me the last four digits of my credit card number and the expiration date.
The one thing you could've done better was the number that you had on my questionnaire to call I couldn't get through.
But he was unable to transfer me to the credit card line which I need to do on my own right now.
I was unavailable I was gone and she lost the number that I was supposed to call back on so I called the customer service number and they don't know what the call was pertaining to so I guess I'll wait for him to call me back.
to the survey before talking to any one of the personnel that I need to talk to.
Logging in to your system is hard I try it and then I get locked out and I have to call and get help.
I don't appreciate somebody in another country with my Social Security number and my date of birth.
When i called the member service number i spoke to a agent by the name of Charlene.
He gave me another number which i called and i talked to an associate by the name of (unclear) and that was at 8009509355.
The issue I should have kept the telephone number but it's very difficult to go back to (unclear) someway somehow you need the improvement of they should give a telephone number or (unclear) and email again or something.
My plan ends I asked for a June 1st date and they gave me June 1st date.
Stop calling me every time I need to change the password.
The first one was that I got an email with a hyperlink that didn't work.
The second one is that there is a pending claim that I can't see although one of the customer service people could.
I received an email for me to go on and look at my EOB benefit plan and I didn't have the right password and I had to call in and I was on the phone for over an hour to be told that I had to call a different phone number for them to be able to help me and I had to set up a health something ID.
So now I have to be on the phone with them after being on the phone for over an hour with trying to help me.
My reason for calling is I've got a package in the mail from.
Now I have to go through and ask to be put through to Optum Rx.
I could've had an explanation for why they sent me a new card in the envelope with a new card and that would've stopped the telephone call and I wouldn't have had to call to find out why they sent me a new card.
The person knew exactly what to do gave me more information than any of my other previous phone calls.
Hopefully I get my letters in the mail.
You were unable to provide who the doctor is you mentioned in the letter of May 16th.
Make it a little bit easier to call your company when something goes wrong trying to log in.
But it's ridiculous to say please call the number on the back of your card when you could just put your phone number on there and save me about a half hour.
if I put my account on Optum Rx it shouldn't change my main number log in and user ID and password.
He answered the question that I had and showed me where to find the answer on the website.
I don't like your new security where you have to get a phone call or a text to get into the system.
And then they have to be precise that you are in network with a provider let's say an imaging.
She makes you go through too darn many systems in order to get to an agent to help me.
I don't like to be this far into the year without having a deductible.
I have to repeat my date of birth and it's screwy.
He pulled up my account and said you owe 14 dollars and I said well can I pay 1 more month? Absolutely.
My Social Security number is XXX if you need to check it out.
Your representative took care of my question very quickly and efficiently.
The only thing would have been for the computer to have been more cooperative when the lady was trying to verify something.
They did not give me the correct information and they hung up I got an automated system afterwards bye.
Part of my issue was because of an update in process so I guess I'll just wait and see after that has passed if I actually get the information I need.
You cannot use your regular stuff to sign in so essentially I wasted approximately half an hour to three quarters of an hour because nothing is obviously coordinated there.
I realized that sometimes you get overloaded with phone calls and it's more than you can really handle but you do need to be able to transfer them even if they have to wait in line (unclear) take their number and call them back the ten minute wait in between that's a little bit much.
the agent was very kind however your computer system is down it just needs to take my username and ID on the website but everything else was just fine thank you.
Evidently they were unable to research my denied claim because your system was being upgraded.
It seems like whenever I call the wait time to get my answer (unclear) slow and it's always a computer problem and that's why I answered the way I did today.
my benefits now I have some questions and the gentleman fully explained everything.
But this has taken me 3 calls to get my claim resolved.
You were not able to answer my questions because of computer problems.
I was calling to see if some providers were in network and it took a really long time for him to find the answer.
And you can't pass really 3 or 4 times during a phone conversation and I think being on the phone for forty eight minutes to get your question answered is ridiculous.
Your associate indicated that it was submitted again and you just need some questions answered.
It was the phone call on Tuesday of this week that the lady insisted that my prescriptions would be forwarded when I was sure they could not be by the US Postal Service.
Except it just takes a long time for them to find your information and your hung on the phone for a long time.
Well I have new glasses to read the fine numbers on the cards with the telephone numbers and everything.
I just have a little bit larger (unclear) they send out with the ID on it which if they had their numbers on that card on the back or the front there's a space on it would it be easier for me to see.
I have (unclear) with my glasses to (unclear) phone numbers that's not it.
Only problem was the computers were down and I couldn't verify my coverage.
You could've updated my information instantaneously but I guess your computer system doesn't do that.
So how can I write an quality of the communication when I could not communicate with anyone.
Your systems were down so I didn't get to even talk to the agent very long because the survey interrupted up and actually mid sentence so that's why I gave you a 0.
I can't think of anything Aurora did a fantastic job and I always get fantastic service whenever I call.
Just let me speak to an operator and not a machine 'cause I have to give the same information to the customer service rep thank you.
I need to get checked for my eyes and I called over a week ago and I've been trying to call this doctor and Jane gave me the wrong phone number.
She said let me check and make sure that it's a valid phone number and she was gone for a tiny bit.
I was not able to reach out to a customer (unclear) specific person.
But to get to him I had to enter the member ID number 3 times and they still didn't accept it.
Just on hold so long the wait with somebody else to get on the phone.
I guess me not having to call another number to find out about the hearing yeah the hearing aid service.
I just felt that my questions were not answered in their entirety and there seemed to be a conflict as to what my understanding was of coverage options for durable equipment and what I was told by the customer service rep.
And I would recommend you to somebody else because my service has been excellent.
I tried to get into your website through my iPad and I could not get into the website at all could you please maybe make that more plainer send an email or something so that I could get my problem solved without having to both a representative he was very good though and helped me with my questions thank you and have a nice day.
You could've answered my call you dropped my call.
It was on the sheet that I received pay subscriber MBR reimbursement and it was just for 538 but there was nothing on the sheet to whom it goes to and the gentleman I talked to he couldn't find anything.
Apparently either her computer wasn't giving her information as quickly as it should.
The one thing that could've been better for me is when I call in to this healthcare 18009509355 it's a robot that answers the phone and they ask me questions and I give them.
Unfortunately your computer system put the young lady in the position of having to keep me on the phone much too long.
Everything was fine today the only problem was the representative could not bring the website on the computer and that's not that's not your problem otherwise the service was fantastic.
Yes there was an automatic (unclear) that everybody's going automated but they switched me with somebody had nothing to do with my problem and that person switched me I talked to the first person I called so I think if that part could be I don't know if the questions could be a little more clear that might help the next caller thank you.
That's not necessary and highly annoying and I try to text them as soon as they're done telling me they need my birth day to quick give it to 'em as 4/22/33 and not on this call but on the previous call I had to repeat it two or three times before they got it they should not tell me how to give 'em my birth date if I knew what they know and what y'all know many I wouldn't be saying that.
Give the first person (unclear) had the information I wouldn't have had to talk to two people that's the only thing I can think of thank you.
And then I had also received a bill for a hundred and sixty one dollars for an office visit and I don't know what that's about either because I always pay five.
You could've talked to me instead of sending me to this questionnaire I haven't gotten any information.
I don't know of anything you could've done better because I don't have all the information I need to ask the questions I need answered.
Well I wish there hadn't been a mix up with the accounts you know at all but and I wish I knew previously on May the 14th that I could've just made that payment online or at that moment at that time so but I'm very satisfied and I thank you so much the issue is resolved.
The voice recognition and key stroke recognition is terrible I've tried several times to input my ID number using the keypad on the touch tone phone it has never been recognized and the voice part seems to be recognized but I can't really be sure because when the number is eccoed back to me at least two digits have been dropped every single time I've done this 4 or 5 times now so once I talked to a person everything was great but the automatic voice recognition software is miserable thank you.
112 minutes with me on the phone trying to get between Express Scripts and you things settled.
I could've been authorized to review my wife's billing records and will straighten that out on the next call.
it was just an awful lot of waiting to call back and forth so it was several hours by the time we got your problem solved because there was a lot of waiting and I'm close to 80 years old and my patience isn't that good.
Gave me the information that I'm looking for like the catalogue that should've been sent out in April and here it almost June.
I was helped by 2 very friendly individuals the first one though somehow we got disconnected and for when I called back in I wasn't able to get the same person.
The first representative named Dolores customer service could have helped me out more but seemed to be more anxious to get off the phone and not help me.
Nothing really my question was basically just to know if I was going to be able to use mail order or retail in this situation and got my question was answered 100%.
(Unclear) every time I've called the person who answers the phone answers my questions nicely and completely.
I got that notice but it wasn't on my record.
Well I need a replacement card and finding that a little more expedient.
Maybe it's just the way things are set up but there was kind of a long wait on the phone while the customer service rep was filling out information.
He said he had to be calling from his own number which is a cell phone which he uses for texting not for calling because he can read texts when he can't hear the phone call.
But ultimately I found out that you are going to change my account number and that's why I called up.
Called the account to make sure everything was squared away and it looks like your.
It's just that I still have a question as to whether the text message I received regarding a Medicare Plus card was a valid card or a scam.
Regretfully I had to call again and ask for a representative here in the United States because your representative overseas was less than cordial.
Number 1 stop generating claim denial letters every time somebody looks at the file and number 2 get rid of the robot.
Alright let's hope this works with the prescription fax number that the lady gave me.
The only thing I think you might've been able to have done better than what the young lady is attempting to do is to have paid the claim or resolve the claim with the provider whenever it first started being a issue.
like the 3rd time in a year routing decided not to give it to me and that I find offensive.
I could've been explained to that to myself how long it takes for the mail to get to you.
(Unclear) OK solve my problem (unclear) the phone number (unclear) and I (unclear) fixed what I was (unclear) into the person that did help me.
Over a measly $48 claim I've made 4 calls and it's been 6 months of nothing but wrong answers and you can check my account to see who I spoke with last time and she will tell you.
So I talked to someone today and they said they would mail it and I should have it in 7 days and that's all.
(Unclear) the customer representative that was on the line with me helped me over and above.
You could have waited and checked your mail.
the incoming mail before you sent out another letter because the information was there already.
The automated system in the beginning I had to tell them 3 times what I was calling about and I even wasn't sure if that (unclear) whether they were transferring me to the right department.
She wasn't able to totally resolve the problem because it was a glitch in your system.
Everything was done correctly by the customer service representative that I had.
At least let me know that the card was being mailed to Nebraska and not to Colorado but other than that everything is fine.
This was the second request for the same information and the first request I made was a week ago and the information wasn't shown on my card.
So every time I go to another person I got to tell them that and the person originally knew who I was because they knew my phone number and it knows that my name is Tony Coruba.
In this day and age of 2018 it should be carrying my information should be carried over to the second person or third or fourth or fifth because usually I'm getting contacted I'm getting switched to three or four different people when I call.
Apparently there's a bit of a delay in changing the website that shows where somebody's in the network or not because when I called earlier they said Doctor McNorton was in your network.
And you have my phone number it's 9492153659 I'm calling from California and Lauren was just wonderful.
Well the person answering the phone certainly needs a whole lot of training I was calling regarding my EOB's I can't seem to pull them off the computer.
More information available to the people answering the phone without being referred to or having to go to another source to get the questions I had answered.
We do have the phone numbers to reach them and our plan is to contact them at the numbers that we have.
Then I will give you a 10 but I had to give you a 5 until I see if it's.
Y'all could call my drug store and tell them my cards being reinstated that was 2768891919.
I had no issues with my call at all today thank you.
Actually I wish that I was able to go online and look for the information that I need instead of having to call customers service each time.
I am looking at a form that says that I should call 8668703470 to enroll in the paramedic.
I hope this has straightened out my account because it's been going like this since December.
I'm in my car and I need to go back into Walmart to tell them to call Optum.
Don't give me a representative that's in the Philippines when I am going to give out my credit card information or my bank information.
Being able to start the automatic payment on the next month as opposed to the following month would have been nice.
Everything was handled perfectly so I don't have any problems with today's visit on the phone.
I was having trouble with the website it would have been better if the website was was tested better 'cause I wasted a half hour of my time trying to get my password to work the person on the phone did help me and I was able to log in but it was not a very good experience so that's what you could have done better test the system changes better and have the person on the phone be more (unclear) to what happened thank you.
we just activated our passport feature and it would be nice if the procedure was a just a little shorter.
I would have liked to have had an updated link to the provider directory.
I have tried to get automatic refills for the past two years and I continually have to go back and work the website.
It could've been easier for me to change my permanent address on your website but I was unable to do that or to figure it out so I had to contact your customer service representative.
It would've just have been easier if I could've called one number to replace all the cards that were lost when my purse was stolen.
I was supposed to or the lady I was dealing with was supposed to get me to another department to take care of my credit card but it went straight to the survey so I'm gonna have to be calling back thank you bye.
The only thing that I found a little bit disturbing was I think the connection might have been bad or maybe my phone is not getting the right level of hearing.
Made the website a little easier for me to negotiate so I would not have had to call even though they could get me the information so quickly.
Nothing because we had the holiday that speed up our calendars and events and I forgot about Monday being a holiday and all your doctors offices aren't open.
should have gone to the survey after they disconnected I got a beep on my phone which indicates to me on my phone and this system that the telephone connection has been disconnected.
I was told that my user ID and password were no longer accurate.
They should have advised me that the line I was calling they were not open at this hour and I stayed on the phone for about 9 minutes listening to the automated message thing somebody will be with you shortly and after 9 minutes I hung up and called the customer service number but they should have advised me someway that the office had not opened at this point but that was it.
My question was handled professionally and all I am doing now is just waiting to see if I receive the information in the mail.
Your web site is completely misleading and I've spent over 20 minutes calling different representatives trying to get service.
The last person who helped me was good but your web site in attempting to not have online delivery documents is very (unclear).
I wanted to change to the passport and presuming that that happens accurately I'm all set.
Well the reason was that I got a post card in the mail questioning my phone number and apparently it's correct.
People are very your worker's on the phone answer the phone promptly.
She assisted us with calling Optum and I just give her a 10 plus and I hope I can report on the Optum person that we dealt.
I called for transportation they can't schedule me today which makes it a short time for my appointment.
I had to wait until customer service opened because it's a holiday thank you.
Yes my husband called several hours before I went to my CVS pharmacy and we were given incorrect information from this service line.
If you can find out that information I (unclear) if you could tell me that I would be very happy so I can make some preparations try to get it.
(Unclear) give me the right telephone number which they didn't do.
Maybe computers were down or something or they were having trouble with computers.
So not only do you have your time frame wrong where they have their automated call on to shut down the call center they also did it prior to the closing time.
the representative was checking on to see if a prior authorization had been received and approved and it (unclear) she could see that it was not.
till about May 15th because that's when your letter dated May 9th got to me.
I called because I could not find the information I wanted on your website.
It's my understanding that what I received today is the correct information.
April the customer service rep handled all my questions and made phone calls for me and got the correct information that I needed.
It would be really nice if you would send out a directory to the different doctors and facilities that I can look up myself so I don't have to call and spend 45 minutes to an hour on the phone.
He took the time to find out what the issue was and the issue was is that the tax ID numbers didn't match for some reason so and that's why they denied the claim so she's gonna reroute it up there to see if given that information if they will check on that and straighten that out.
Again I'm suppose to start my benefits with you on June 1st and I've not yet received it on May 29th after calling twice.
You could ask you know where is my payment I sent in.
I have requested twice a refund form and I am sure this time it will be sent to me.
I do have a complaint every time I call UHC.
The prompt first person that answers the call is automated of course and she asked me to say or enter my member ID number and I do that and every time I am told that they have no record of my customer ID number.
That they continue to ask me on that automated line I'm sorry we did not recognize that member ID number please reenter or say your number I'm doing this 5 6 7 times every call and I'm told that they don't have that number they don't recognize that number.
I am a member I have my card in front of me.
I do not want to call again with a question and tell me that they have no record of my member ID number thank you very much and I would love for someone to call me at 9104831575 and let me know when this problem has been taken care of.
I couldn't you could've honored my request in what I had called for from the beginning instead of now I have to wait for another 7 to 10 days to receive my providers directory.
Yeah the system didn't recognize my phone number.
I don't know why maybe it's a glitch but they didn't recognize my phone number when I gave it to them.
I called back when I got home and I called the number on the card that is 18004634845 which designates that it is to be dental.
You could have actually connected me to a representative instead of directly connecting me to the survey.
Maybe to have your automated system it's bit frustrating but once I got to a representative it's fine.
It sometimes gets confusing and just wanting clarification on my mother's account and that's all I was calling for.
You could have let me speak to a regular person instead of a computer.
It all went just fine and the customer service was trying to reach out to Logisticare and never could never connect.
According to the person I talked to that was a mistake so I received this information saying that the claim was denied which was the reason for my phone call.
Now I understand that the claims have been paid and this denied paperwork that I received shouldn't have been sent to me.
Not really not anything I'm just waiting on directory I wish I could get to directory faster than 10 days of my people that I can go to.
I didn't receive any information I wasn't already expecting.
I received a medical reimbursement request and there is no address to send these forms to.
I had to call your representative to get this information and she was very helpful but it is something that should be put onto the letter where to mail the forms.
Why don't you just cross reference the two numbers so if I call if I have one ID with me it'll cross reference to the other ID.
Where in the initial application it said if we ask you for to prove your legal guardianship do you have the paperwork? I said yes.
explained the program a little bit better for me and then also and the fact that I have not received any cards.
She told me everything I needed to know and have my Rewards card in the mail.
I just needed to confirm that you had my updated credit union account information.
I think everything was okay but I called the number that's given on a renew paper for rewards and I didn't have the right number for house calls but I provably just didn't look at the right number.
Improve your computer programs so that the text can move around and find what they need rather than waiting on the computer and waiting on the computer and waiting on the computer.
I'm going through the different ways to get on get a customer service rep person is somewhat difficult.
I received a letter about insurance coverage and I quote from the last paragraph of the first page.
Nothing all questions were answered and resolution worked out with the company that's billing me.
And the second person did give me correct information.
Not some procedure that they think is important which is not even relevant to what the customer was talking about.
And I'm real happy about getting my new (unclear) card so I can start back exercising.
Or billed for and not performed a possible fraud it could be addressed at that time.
One the first four times I called your automated system it just cut me off so I thought that was a pretty bad system.
It would have been nice if they could have directly switched over the coverage from Edge Park to one of the other three services that you subscribe to your coverage.
They help me without having a reference and to get transportation I call two days before and it's been very effective.
You could have provided me a proper number to a supervisor without me having to go through other departments.
This is not clear so I spent 15 minutes on the phone trying to clarify this because there's lack of information on this statement.
This form is unclear and caused me a tremendous wait aggravation thinking I still owed money and aggravation having to spend time trying to clarify something that you did not clarify in the statement.
I moved to a new address in the same town and now my coverage is denied.
Put the passport travel online so that it the only thing is it takes a fair amount of time not just on this call I made but every time I have to go on passport travel.
I'd love to be able to go online and complete my information there.
Now she said she was gonna send my problems to your review board.
On your automated system make sure that whenever it say it's transferring you to a specific department make sure that it's being transferred to that department.
Because on my phone call it was transferred to somebody else.
But the previous call that I made I was on my speaker phone and I tried to enter my birthday and my phone wouldn't accept it.
My phone didn't receive it or enter it on speaker phone and instead of transferring me to a representative it said I'll have to disconnect you.
I wasn't able to do that with this phone call but I can call her so I'll find out.
Well this survey came before I was actually finished with the customer service representative so I guess you could've done better by not cutting me off.
You could have answered my phone.
(Unclear) the customer representative who I have no problem had no issue.
Today's call was perfect it's all the other calls prior I was told that everyone has been filling out my request incorrectly.
The other thing is is that you asked for my account number or my member number on the phone but the representative had no idea who I was when got on and had to ask for my member number again.
Yes I had called several times for a collagaurd to be sent to me and each time I realize it's a 6 to 8 week waiting period but it's been well over that and I have called twice today being the second time.
I tried to register on the rewards card and I couldn't get registered but when I called the rewards number they fixed me up and that's great.
(Unclear) that was the only thing between the initial contact and the supervisor who came on the line so thank you.
Paid more attention to the fact that my credit card information had been updated prior to sending me a letter indicating that it's not.
She was going to send me an updated prescription summary which is incorrect.
I realize it's probably a call center but if something could be done about background noise on the phone calls that would be helpful.
so when I go directly to the webpage I can click on what prescriptions are required instead of going through 3 other pages to get there.
The only possible thing you could have done better was to get the final answer that I needed on a particular place to purchase something.
Probably not transferred me to so many people and not given me all the advertisement for free things or things that I can buy.
It was supposed to have been submitted for a claims review May the 4th from your end to your claims department and that didn't get done and I found that out today.
He really took the opportunity to address all of my concerns and I appreciate the time that he spent calling and trying to verify or clarify information with the mail provider.
I don't have the card from my bank.
Been able to change a phone number for me because going to somebody else my phone messages are going to someone else from you.
So they weren't able to change my phone number to the area of where they were calling from for some questions for me they're calling another phone number they're not calling mine.
You could've done better by routing me to the first person that would help me solve my problem instead I was transferred to like maybe 5 different people and then they were able to tell me at the end that I had to call back at another time to finish the process.
It would've been nice on my EOB if there had been an explanation on the difference in copay but I received wonderful service when I called in.
However in trying to reach customer service 2 times I was connected with sales and each time the sales person tried to transfer to me to customer service and I waited and in the first case I waited about 2 minutes and hung up and the second case it was clear that the same thing was going to happen and I hung up shortly after.
I would like to see Optum Rx's phone number on my ID card.
You could have accepted the request from WalMart to service my claim to send to you instead of me having to do my own claim.
She was given me misinformation I had to call Social Security to re verify she wouldn't believe what I said.
Sometimes (unclear) a person get confused because there's a lot of phone numbers you need to call.
The only thing was on the call when it got to the computer part it kept it would ask what your date of birth and the minute it said date of birth and how to enter it.
We had problems in the past because we have a passport plan and somehow or another there was confusion and we are denied coverage because they don't realize that we are on a passport plan although we have maybe 'cause to verify it and we also did it on the Internet to verify it.
The only thing that I have problems with is when I first make the call and they do not understand my birth date.
I received an email that my prescriptions were ready to be sent and I could not get into the website.
I tried getting through Optum Rx and every time I tried to sign in it said it wouldn't take my email or my password or take anything.
I always have a pleasant experience with your customer services service rep when I made payments.
There's people trying to call me everyday to go with another service.
Hopefully I will get a phone call back.
The only thing you could've done better for me was to update the online screen that I'm taken to to accept the choices I made without requiring me to accept the email plan as opposed to the mail plan.
The way your system is set up today according to my encounter with the rep I have to accept the email portion before I can edit to have the mail plan accepted.
One basically the primary issue was not being able to get into the website which the technician after I spoke with a customer service representative who answered my question.
That's very important and I should've been notified that it was going on my deductible.
There's nothing you could've done better and you referred me to the phone number I should call and also transfer me over so I'm perfectly satisfied.
Send my ID card out less than seven to ten days would've been helpful.
I had to repeat everything 5 times and it still ended up sending me to customer service which I would prefer to speak to a person anyway but the automated system is not good.
In my case you sent me a card with a new doctors name on it that I had no clue who they were.
Your when your phone numbers you rattled off to fast the phone number I needed to call back and sometimes I couldn't catch it.
Said an awful lot and didn't need to but I need that phone number which a lot of people don't know how to use an answering service.
So I don't know if this is going to be one of those things where I'm going to have to make a dozen phone calls or if I can get it taken care of the next phone call.
I had registered him earlier and thought everything was all set but when I tried to access his account to get the EOB's they did not recognize it and I've just been on the phone for 45 minutes getting this whole thing straightened out when I had already done it after you implemented your new system.
My number if somebody wants to call is 4155339070 and it was a pleasure talking to your representative Javier.
It's the second time I've called on the same issue which was just changing the doctor on my card and we thought we had it resolved the first time and the card came in exactly the same as it was so it wasn't resolved.
Since you went directly to the survey and the first time you just hung up on me.
The only thing is the computer kept kicking the customer service representative out and I've had that trouble before when I call.
I don't know if your computers are malfunctioning all the time or what but I think you need to check into it.
The lady answered all my questions and gave me the technical number that I need to sign up online with.
Every time I have called the customer help line I have had nothing but just excellent assistance and I cannot think of a thing that I could tell you that you would do better.
She provided me for all the information I needed all the telephone numbers that I need for assistance for finding a healthcare provider.
Yes customer service should all have the same information at all times to avoid having to call different people and get different information.
Just needed to know for sure that they took care of the problem immediately it was kind of iffy they said (unclear) to get another letter or I may not get a response to confirmation.
The billing statement was incorrect and I made out a check for double which I don't owe.
You want me to mail things 10 days before the due date but I tell you I try to.
try to mail it as close as I can to the beginning of the month because I've got bills scattered all over the month.
Or (unclear) by that time I've received all of my monthly bills that I need to pay.
I need a portable oxygen concentrator for my wife and it's got to be in the network.
Replace the headphones I had a hard time listening to your agent.
Plus they never answer their phones and the computer timed out waiting saying two different times 20 minutes each you should subcontract with someone else besides them next time around.
It would've been better if I didn't have to write a letter or send my documents in to get reimbursed.
The only thing you could've done better is to let me know that I needed my husband there for authorizing this charge to my credit card.
I received a check and the explanations on the check were very poor as to what I was.
Tell me about the donut plan when I signed up with AARP.
Actually nothing it was a nightmare trying to get to the website and it kept saying that I hadn't registered even though I registered on the new site Sunday and that was it.
Because my call was a follow up call of just maybe 15 minutes earlier if I could have been connected to the same representative that would've been helpful.
The wait on the phone and I guess there's really no way to avoid that and it wasn't horrible as if I were calling the IRS but I think it was five six minutes but that that's the only thing.
It would've been nice to have the information I needed to transfer to you that I faxed in.
When it said enter my phone number it was not acknowledged.
Otherwise why have customer service? I've spent 47 minutes waiting for her to tell me that she was unable to find an answer to my question.
I believe that the staff handled my issue 100%.
I have spent over 3 hours today on the phone with various representatives from your company.
I was calling about a letter that you had sent me in the mail requesting me to verify some information and if the information was incorrect I should call an 800 number.
Nobody could help me I spent 3 hours of my day on the phone going back and forth trying to make sure that the insurance was set up correctly and it wasn't.
Now I will say that the web person that I did just speak to was very helpful she helped me with a technical issue because I can't get online to access the account for some reason but every customer service agent that I spoke to in regards to this letter that I received with and I've dialed the 800 number that was in the letter.
I have a problem (unclear) get you to be able to make a payment.
She got me information and she's getting back to me tomorrow to find if the Doctor I am seeing is part of the network or not.
I tried to speak it in the phone and it wouldn't understand it and then also even putting it in on the keypad and it was having trouble understanding my number ID number.
All my questions were answered and if I can't get satisfied from my provider I will be calling you back.
I don't understand why I'm getting two different messages from the same phone number that I called.
I will say though that your telephone answering service stinks.
The lady the robot lady that asks all the questions has a problem hearing the answers when I give them to her and I have repeat them probably three times each.
The only thing is prior to his call we had made a call and we got an out of the country person which I am not very happy about but we just continue to call back and get someone in the US.
I got a I've got an appointment with a (unclear) and I was trying to get an X-ray and then you want me to send in faxes.
You could've let me finish the call before you cut in with this because the woman was coming back to me with more information and somehow the call got ended.
So it would've been nice if you would've waited 'til I finished my call with customer service before you called me before you interrupted with this.
The letter that was sent dated May 23rd should have been worded differently so as to avoid confusion over what is covered and what is not.
had an employee like you had hired that was that outstanding.
I requested a new card over the last 3 months and I still haven't received it.
That's my only complaint that I haven't had a card in 3 months.
Instead of having the agent writing up a ticket and going into some (unclear) process I would've much preferred to have the agent send me directly on the phone to a highly skilled technical person who could guide me why all the instructions I followed from the agent did still not work and I cannot access my account.
You could let the automatic system take money out of somebody's checking account rather than have to speak to somebody.
You could've mailed a new member ID card after first time I called you which has been right at a month ago.
Been able to email the list of doctors I needed.
I called to find out why I haven't received a bill for our coverage starting June 1st.
She says why don't you go on to the computer and I'll wait and then we I went on the computer and I registered.
You could have explained in the letter I received about making a premium payment for one to two months until it comes out of Social Security.
Instead of just sending a letter that you have to pay it and make sure to pay on time.
Your customer representative talked a little fast other than that I have no problems.
You could've told me about the plan instead of transferring me to all different departments.
I need you to send me when you send me letters if you could please send them in Spanish because I do not speak English.
I never received a bill so that's why I had to call to find out how much it was.
Really I have no complaints your representative was on target completely answered all my questions and helped me with another situation needing (unclear) phone number.
All of my questions were answered therefore at this time I do not have anything that will improve the conversation I had.
I called the othe3r day about retiree benefits and was given the wrong website number and now I'm having difficulty locating that website that they finally settled on.
I shouldn't have had to call back for the same thing 3 weeks later 'cause I didn't receive it.
I received my new card and there was an incorrect doctors name on the card which is why I called and had it changed.
When I called in today and was automatically put into the system to make arrangements to pay my dental rider account.
It would have been nice if I would be able to get the name of a couple of providers right over the phone but the getting a list maybe will be a little bit better for us.
The back of my ID card does not have the right information with regarding to how to get to solve my IT problem.
Once I got through to the customer representative (unclear) they should have that information available to us easier.
I have a request to get it on the 10th but I told them to go ahead and do it around the 20th because I have everything I need and coming over to Optum RX dealing with (unclear) that I have is so convenience to get it in the mail and this is wonderful (unclear) for the customer service relations Ms Angela today as well as the Optum RX people today-.
Except it took a while to look for my member ID in your file.
Have a better telephone connection because I could not hear all of the words Elias was saying to (unclear).
Well went through all the signing in process on the phone and after all that I got dead air for a long time.
Well in actuality everything was handled very well by (unclear) and the customer service representative so I can't say that there was anything missing or that you can improve upon.
When I call from you which is presumably United call from the number that I've got in my ID and not a 763 number which is just somebody from Chicago which is my neighbor.
Just have a little bit longer pause time when entering the ID number because yet it will immediately get impatient if it's not right away and it's a long number and I can't look at it and put it in all at the same time.
I tried calling that phone number.
In return I got a voice mail stating that if I needed to talk to somebody to call the phone number that was left on my voice mail in which UHC did not leave it or call the card number.
You could've made sure that I had the information I needed with a more just quicker and not transferred me all over the place from department to department and then losing my call and not calling me back.
Everything went fine but it's unfortunate I have to make a phone call to find a web site link for dentists and vision.
So the issue is if we have a health reimbursement account and that is supposed to go over electronically over to that company and we were waiting for May's payment but she was able to explain that May actually hasn't been sent yet.
I could not register my membership on your website therefore I could not access the form I needed which was a reimbursement form for eyeglasses.
I don't think anything could be done better but the reason I gave a 9 instead of a 10 was I don't know if I will continue to get mail at the old address or if it'll be forwarded to the new address.
the information that I needed I have and the follow through of just waiting for a piece of paper to arrive.
That I could use if the policy UHC (unclear) dot com website where I could register to get my information paperlessly.
Well you asked me to key in my date of birth and then on when they're the line they want my date of birth again.
You could've put in my address correctly this first time and so I didn't have to call today.
I would like that there would be an email address that I could send a message about who I was trying to send to you before which has nothing to do with my insurance policy.
I don't understand why I have to get my router number and my account number should be on hand if I call in by phone.
That I made a duplicate payment and it didn't appear that she understood what I was talking about in terms of a duplicate payment at the end of April.
And I was trying to get that duplicate payment applied to June you know.
I made 2 payments for the month of May one in error so I wanted that applied to June but she didn't seem to follow that discussion until you know.
I hit the 1 and didn't get to the zero my phone changed so everything.
We sent paperwork in so that I would be on my husband's account and the person I talked to was unable to find that and it wasn't on there that I was an authorized person.
Because she did not have claims phone number I guess.
I would like to make the payments online.
I called to get my membership number because they still got the form for me on the phone and I was switching medicare advantage plans that I called then about my membership number because it was approved and I thank Jessica so much.
Where in times past it seemed like I was on the phone 20 to 30 minutes with some of your reps trying to help me.
I called concerning our enrollment in your dental writer and I received my card my husband's card is not here and it's been 3 weeks.
So I had to take the time to call again I had to take your customer service reps time for her to push through everything.
I have to replace my phone would be a big help.
'Cause my phone was awful.
She answered all of my questions that I had and even gave me some additional information about my annual check up which is due and the number to call to claim my 50 dollar reward.
Just had the payment processed maybe 24 hours that's it.
This is my 2nd time calling about the same issue the customer service person that I spoke with the first time dropped the ball did nothing after the phone call so I had to call back a 2nd time and I'm still waiting to have this my problem resolved thank you.
But I went to the bank and the bank said the money was never tried to debit.
This was the first time for some reason it was denied but my bank said you never tried to get it with them.
Do not keep the person holding on the call so long in today's computer age issues should be resolved more quickly I had to wait 15 minutes that's a long time to get a simple answer and it requires prior authorization.
Your agent was very knowledgeable offered wonderful suggestions and sent me on my way with phone numbers that I could try to get a hold of Social Security.
(Unclear) record my phone number just in case we get interruption or disconnected.
I think it's just a matter of receiving a confirmation in the mail for what I discussion I had thank you.
So it wasn't her fault it was whoever I talked to before that never changed to our correct address so.
The agent could've stayed on the line until my fax was received with my power of attorney I'm not giving a bad review I am just being (unclear) this survey doesn't apply to me because I didn't even get started with what my issue is let alone let it get resolved and I'm a little put out that I have to call back another day so there you have it.
I had to ask him numerous times how much my monthly payment will be so I (unclear) myself four times.
Your answering system put me round and round answering the same questions over and over again and then finally had me wait for a representative.
after being on the phone for like 15 20 minutes I was disconnected and it seems to me that the representative I was speaking with was never able to call me back or didn't call me back and I think once I asked them to call me they don't have the ability to call back or something like that.
So it's (unclear) improvements I would ensure that any representative who speaks with a member if they're disconnected is able to callback at that same number.
I still couldn't get on and all I get is a runaround for this computer.
Got somewhat different information and finally the last two especially Raquel explained everything transferred my insurance back.
So now I have to wait until the test is done and the billing is sent in and then I might get a surprise.
I received a letter saying my credit card had expired and I need to mail a check for sixty dollars and when I called and talked to the service representative he said all the information was up to date.
Usually the UHC representatives are way too wordy and the call seems to extend way beyond necessary to get the information I need.
Probably a faster I was put on hold for a number of times so that they the operator could look up data and maybe that could be a little faster but overall it was a good experience.
So all I wanted to do is just say I had an outstanding phone conversation with your customer service rep.
The catalog I had was from last year and you don't have a new one doesn't have my number I wanted to order over the counter.
He couldn't help me I got to make some other phone calls and get back to you.
Because you were sending notices to my deceased canine I would hope that you might have a better vetting system.
If you have any questions or want to talk to me you can call me at 9523343035.
I think you could provide the customer service agents with more complete information when a customer has to go deep into what's available on a plan.
No one answers your phone so your wonderful service is not wonderful.
The customer service advocates had been so knowledgeable so polite and right on spot every time I call with a question or a problem.
You sent me a paper saying my co pay was only 50 instead of 70.
Now after a 45 minutes on the phone I find out that the letter you sent me was in error and it shouldn't have been sent.
It took 100 minutes on the phone and it's still not resolved and I still don't know if this is covered.
Well this is the third time that I'm calling you to request a service that's been denied.
The person hasn't answered anything and got the call disconnected.
The person the recording that you have when you first call in she asks you your date of birth.
Direct me to a (unclear) site that I can look at information concerning the activity that I will be having that I have not had before.
My call lasted for quite a while just to get some simple information and I think they're kind of.
I mean the right department and they said that the problem was because I can't access the online website until I'm actually enrolled which is Friday June 1st.
I just don't know what you could have done oh yes your automated service could not understand my numbers and could not understand between September and December for my birth day is on (unclear) it's thinking that I said December.
My prior call was totally unacceptable and quite frankly I need to still do what I called to do because you haven't addressed the problem at all and then it put me back into the initial callback so I'm (unclear) know the different persons ID so I can actually talk to a real human being that can actually understand the problem thank you goodbye.
Hi I'm answering this questionnaire there's not really anything on my specific question I had this afternoon.
Problem I had was not with the caller but I keep getting notices that we're already taken care of and that was my only concern but the caller said everything was okay.
from my answering machine and I couldn't do that.
This is the first time I've ever called and gotten a solution and a correct answer for each of my issues.
Other than send me this new card with no explanation of why I got it.
I guess my address was not updated the first call.
Your customer service rep Devon is going to talk to his supervisor who was not available today on an issue regarding an EOB that I didn't get in the mail.
The only thing that bothered me was I was trying to get some information on the new website from the web master and nobody ever picked up the line.
I had to call twice to from my phone number to get through to the Optum Rx people.
I used the phone number from my father's prescription card and on the medicine bottle but when they tried to connect me nobody answered.
The thing asks for the account I keyed in the account she says let me repeat I got blah blah or I didn't understand or would you reenter it or say it.
I would prefer you had somebody there that answered the phone and routed the call to the appropriate person.
Probably just have a direct line into your system with out having to go through quite a few people sometimes to get help.
I just wanted to know why does it take so long to credit the information well to credit my payment to the account.
But he kept four oh five and and I wish to be very clear $405 is the deductible.
Every time I call I have to be on the phone and it never none of my issues ever gets resolved.
Now I have to send in a form and I don't think it's gonna be in time for the next payment.
I would like to just get directly to a customer service person.
As it was having to try to look at them on my phone I keep inadvertently disconnecting you.
If it's like me I kept disconnecting you as I tried to get more information for you.
I'm kind of in a smaller city where we have faxes but no international fax so if there was an email just for in case of emergency situations which I am in right now.
The automated service sometimes when you're trying to get your account number in there they don't wait long enough for you to get it fully in there the first time.
The you could've had me enter my account number under the checking routing and account number by touch tone instead of saying it like the other AARP UHC site does.
Answer my questions and solve my billing issue in less than the eight months it's taken so far.
Every other phone call since I've been a member your customer service reps know nothing or tell me the wrong thing.
They changed the sign on and I had trouble getting into it and the person I called at UHC wasn't a 1005 helpful.
Unfortunately I don't have internet access at home.
I just needed additional names to be given to me over the phone just for research purposes.
But apparently the guy that I was dealing with couldn't get it 'cause I spoke with other people on your network.
And somehow I got disconnected before I could leave a survey so (unclear) told to call back and leave a survey and this time I'm leaving it.
My name's Margaret (unclear) (unclear) and I am very happy and if you need anymore information my number is 3107804400 and my home number is 3239356300.
I wish that credit card payments could be made online instead of only bank check transactions then I wouldn't have to call a representative.
I entered my city did it as my official mailing address although I live in the outlying Coney area and so it wouldn't let me enter the correct zip code.
That's as far as I got before calling in and having an online or a telephone application process completed so you know work on that.
She called the called the billing office got them looking at it and hopefully it'll be resolved.
No nothing at everything is always good when I call in and make my payment and so you couldn't do any better.
I keep getting the automated service and hung up on and rerouted and then to the survey.
It seemed like you were going to be able to issue me a new card without me speaking to the rep.
I was perfectly happy with the automated system and to talk to an automated system it's not a problem.
But the people we talked to told us everything is okay and to ignore the paperwork for a while until we get a clarification in the mail of my status.
I have had repeated problems trying to have you mail my mail to the right address so I would appreciate it if you finally get this right it's been going on for a year as you keep switching to my physical address where I cannot receive mail.
I just set it up the other day and today it told me it couldn't find me and I had to go back and get a new password.
I spent probably 85% of my time on the phone giving my address and this and that.
I gave you my member number off my card and everything is filled these questions who my name again your full name again your full address again your full zip code this and that.
I had a bit of a problem on my initial call last week and the person actually put in my wrong email for email contact.
I hadn't received any email and actually there was an error rather than UARK which was in my email it was my last name and UARK and the person had actually typed in F rather than U.
Paperwork being sent that has the wrong premium amount when I have a lower one but yet they send me this paper.
Yes I think the first response to the survey I think I hit the wrong key.
I was referred to have the provider call your provider number to be able to supply me with that.
I think the worker Mary's her name could use faster computer service but she did very well the speed of service that her computer had.
about house calls and I signed up for that and Matthew was.
You could have paid the claim instead of making me go through a lot of read tape and ultimately you'll probably end up paying the claim but it has been nice to have just gone ahead and done it instead of making me go through all the red tape.
I have to wait until tomorrow and see if my second duplicate payment hits your records and then I have to call back that's it.
(unclear) said a (unclear) information so you gotta call back 2 and 3 times to get the right information.
Make it easier to access an actual person to help you out rather than inputting numbers that the automated system does not understand.
And I asked if she could send me that information so I could know how to set up the passwords and all and she was unable to do that.
what I was hoping I could do online and I just couldn't set up the account on mine.
not being able to be walked through for setting up this access (unclear) so I could right online and ask my questions rather than making a phone call.
I have to review all my information.
Unfortunately I didn't have all the information (unclear) for her to be able to assist me with my complete needs at this time and will have to call back.
Whenever there is changes would like to know that we know like we get a phone call or email or some kind so which we make the adjustments and get the call to somebody to get the right coverage.
And the letter I'm speaking of that I was talking about was the LAP letter went to stated the date and then she found it quicker.
But as far as progress on the issue so far were not anywhere closer and this issue had began on February 15th and my name is George (unclear) and my phone number is 856-.
(Unclear) weeks ago I received mail that was to my street address and my state address and it was a name of a different party.
I called up and notified your company and they said well we're not done with you.
previous mail and mail she sent it'll always come to me at my name and my street address and my street address.
Somebody intentionally deleted my name on the top just to be.
When I did get to the right department the person that was (unclear) the one thing I have to say is everybody is not giving the same exact information.
You could have sent me my check through (unclear) rewards the first time I applied for it.
Every time I've called your company or your people in that sort of a process I have been treated very nicely with complete respect.
After answering my calls after I placed the phone call for you guys to call me back.
It could have been that the people who did the drug plan also can see what the other plans that they are in instead of having to wait on (unclear) to connect to a different department.
My question is there is so many receipts you have to send in and copies of your EOB's every time you file something you have to wait about a month and a half to get your EOB's before you can send in a reimbursement for your reimbursement account.
The automated thing didn't recognize my date of birth at all after many repeats.
I was trying to change both my address and my wife's address and I have all her information but they would not allow me to change her address.
I'm at my office she's at home and it wasn't the operator it's evidentially a company policy so that was very frustrating.
When a customer asks you to send out something please send it out.
The automated system did not understand my Social Security number after 5 times 3 inputting it and 2 speaking it.
You changed the whole program of how to go online to pay your bill and I spent one half hour.
I tried to cancel this by May 1st but I didn't receive the forms that may or may not have been your fault could have been the post office could have got put in the wrong mailbox out here in the rural area and maybe didn't get neighbors didn't get it to me well I did finally receive it and once you receive the fax that I was canceling for this month everything's been great so that's all.
Maybe we could have that email sent to us.
would be great if I could get her every single time I had to call customer service.
My answer to my question was completely answered so I didn't have any other questions.
Well would have been nice if somebody hadn't just disconnected my call before I could finish having any kind of assistance whatsoever.
But if you check the phone call maybe you will get it.
Well I suppose that I could've had my complaint resolved by an adjustment but the fact that I was not owing due to a provider it ended the deal.
And called back Social Security and she didn't seem really aware of everything that was in my most recent letter I misplaced it.
So the one I've got it dated 4/2 but there should've been one for 5/2 I was looking through my wife's papers and I got hers but I couldn't find mine.
I only put a 3 on that you do everything in the last 6 months I think I called once way back and they really didn't give me all the information I needed.
Could have received my husband's card the same day I received mine.
My phone number is 3192329532 and I'd be happy to tell everybody about what a lousy service this has been.
So I'm very unhappy with kind of an arrangement I lost it's gonna take me another week or 10 days to get a set of forms which I requested way back on February on May 14th so I lost like 30 days.
The automated system that can be redone I tried several times to get a hold of customer service and this stupid machine kept telling me they didn't understand what I was talking about.
Well my call was lost the first time after I was directed to customer service with my 0 punch pad and I was waiting and the call was disconnected so I had to start over.
I am very unsatisfied with what it takes to sign in and make your monthly payments.
I am not interested in doing automatic debits on my checking account or credit card.
I want to be able to have access to my account each and every time I log into my account and not have difficulty being able to do what I want to do with your web page.
denied claim and this card hasn't been active for awhile.
I just call as in my previous calls for information everything was taken care of.
However the website which I was not working any time I looked to do a search it kept coming up with bad request.
They asked me to sign in and click on it and nothing's happening.
Not disconnected my call I did not get my matter resolved so now I need to call back after your short survey thank you.
Connect me to someone that could answer the questions I had regarding the charges that were billed at to my amount by some provider that I'm not aware of.
I'm elderly and I don't have an email address and I just think it would be great if you asked if they had an email address if they didn't.
I have (unclear) I have been getting at least 5 different telephone numbers.
I have waited for a house visit from (unclear) today until 2 o'clock and I called to ask about the (unclear) how I can get visits (unclear) and I am overly discouraged.
Miss Cordelle today explained to me that she does have the right form reoccurrings and is gonna send it to me.
you fill it out and you mail it in.
They have my phone number with programs that might be able to assist me with my co pays.
When I was giving my member ID number I entered it I think I entered it twice and they couldn't get it so they said for me to enter it on the keypad which I had already done so then when I entered it like just saying it I said two zeros at the end and they could only get one.
I couldn't have asked for anybody to have a better phone call with UHC.
I thought it would be a long phone call and probably multiple transfers and no.
But I think we got it straightened out hopefully I also asked for a print out of my account so I can check it and I've never received that please send me one.
I don't appreciate having to spend 30 minutes to make a payment.
There was a lot of transferring that had to go on in your answering service.
I had asked for a duplicate ID card because I lost the wallet that had mine in it before.
No I'm very happy with the mail order I don't have to go out to go pick it up and I have had no problems.
60 which went through my bank and I didn't have the proper amount in my bank account.
You sent me out a letter saying my credit card information had expired.
I called about my Silver Sneaker account and I think you could have sent me a card or at least told me some more about the Silver Sneaker program.
Yes I didn't get a card this year and I have an appointment on June the 11th and they're telling me I might not have my card in time but I think I should get it in plenty of time.
Today is not even the first yet is it? So the lady who helped me was very well (unclear) knowledge but not having to wait so long for that card that was never mailed to me in the first place.
If you made a mistake on your end it would be nice to be able to get my money back quicker than weeks.
Okay I called 2 different times I got 2 completely different answers.
They gave me the phone number for Medicaid so I can contact them and see if I can qualify.
Well the health safety ID could've been a little easier to set up.
No one shared with me when I called in the first time to do the address change that I needed to call and change it separately with my prescription plan.
I do not believe the call could have been handled any better by your customer service representative Tony.
I'm dealing with some claims issues and I can follow up with the providers from the information that I have from her and I believe that the gentleman Devon from yesterday sent out an EOB so I'll have that in the mail since I did not receive one.
The only thing I'd mentioned last time for my automated survey was that when you're having a conversation with me it just kicked in and it interrupted a conversation that I was having with one of the agents and as a result I was able to answer the questions for the survey but then of course it disconnects you.
Have an automated system where I could just answer the account number and payment amount and let's say checking account information for paying my premium.
I could not get you to identify me by my phone number.
I should have gotten my new card which I did not receive.
You could've gotten my application in the enrollment right the first time.
I'm trying to access my account using my health safe ID and all of a sudden instead of speaking to somebody you gave me the survey.
It wouldn't allow me even after I changed my password but calling customer service and talking to George he was very pleasant.
You just sent me a letter that said read about the rider in your chapter four section 2.
And this what I called today for was confusing your billing your statements.
Have someone answer the phone in the proper department and not have cut me off with the survey when we I was talking to customer service.
Those that paid online they were having problems with that and so that brought those people to call in their premium.
My question was answered so I have nothing to offer that and I always appreciate the fast service on the telephone.
I just didn't know how to put the PIN in there.
The one thing you could've done is told me where the information came from that indicated the address had changed.
I have no complaints with you all's service.
Anyhow we did not resolve this issue and now we're going through the employer who was the third one we contacted.
There is no way you could've improved the service I received today.
Last night they could not find me on the computer at all.
(Unclear) Medicare number member ID number telephone number I simply did not pop up on your.
However your service rep was superb and we've gotten through it and I cannot tell you how long I've been on the phone.
When I (unclear) when the first operator comes on (unclear) she picks up she does not understand why I want to speak to a representative.
I would also appreciate a number to call back in case I'm unable to pick up the phone.
I tried to reach my licensed agent yesterday and today and I have not received a phone call nor have I received the information that I needed for the plan including an ID card which I just accomplished getting one maybe in seven to ten days now.
young man that I spoke with told me what I needed to know about my issues and that was issues about people calling saying on the phone that you can get this.
And beside that she provided me more phone numbers so I would be able to get more help for my benefits.
They only (unclear) and say they didn't get a fax when you know when the doctor's office has a confirmation that a fax was sent.
I've been going to the same places for the last fifteen years and every time I go to the passport thing it takes forever to get it hooked up.
I mean the representative told me you sent a letter saying that my card was canceled but then (unclear) the representative she said it was fine.
I cannot imagine having a more successful telephone interaction thank you for the availability and the wise informed folks that you've got manning the telephones thank you.
There was no problems or complications with the advice that your customer service people provided for me thank you.
Hello I had trouble (unclear) all the time with the computer and then they transferred me to a customer service representative and then I have no problem.
I appreciate the last person that was helping me today because I had to get into that new prescription sign in on the computer.
She helped me take care of my account I made a payment (unclear) much.
The only thing that I dislike is being connected to voicemail.
ultimately I want to talk to a customer service representative and I want.
As soon as I get connected I would like the option to speak to a customer service representative right away.
he told me that my provider is out of network.
Well connect making a connection could be better because you know I get been tossed from one rep to the next rep.
I guess if I could get direct to somebody that I need to make the payment each month.
Actually I took the first call they transferred me to the wrong number and they couldn't help me.
Went real well and Rebecca even added me as an authorized user on my husband's account and everything went real well.
Oh she's going to give me a telephone number to call Johnson and Johnson.
I'm going to call them up as soon as I get off the phone.
When I called in an attendant was not available it couldn't (unclear) I tried to press zero to be transferred to an operator and it couldn't transfer me to an operator and where the system transferred me that attendant couldn't take a message so it took me several calls to finally get somebody and it's just this whole process.
My only concern was that when I received my bill it doesn't tell me why the service was denied and that was the reason for my call today and I think that would save a great deal of stress.
Like I said 71 times since March she has received billing statements.
Oh that birth date thing when I would put in like on my birthday oh nine two two four five and they'd start saying you're not getting that in there right I couldn't figure out what I was doing wrong and most places they let you put in four five and I guess they was wanting me to put in two zero after I figured out (unclear) then they transferred me somewhere else.
I needed a new card (unclear) they've not sent it to me that was it.
I would like to get to a customer service representative a little bit quicker if possible.
Get me to a supervisor earlier instead of have me explain everything all over again.
If I had case number it would've been easier and just go through a first person instead of waiting on the line quite some time.
The one thing that you can do better is to go back to your original format where I can check my claims online and the information that comes up online shows me the date a claim is paid since you've rolled out the new website that did not happen and I have to make a phone call every time a claim is paid.
It's nothing could have been done better my payment was taken efficiently my numbers my credit card and everything and my reference number so I'm very satisfied with the service I received today thank you.
I don't have time right now to call back to find out about it but I didn't even know about that program so I will look into that.
I was not able to find any on the website from the back of my Medicare card.
I had my issue resolved I wanted a replacement card because somehow I misplaced mine thank you very much.
Every person I've ever talked to in customer service whether it's (unclear) or just customer service has been wonderful.
A check I sent in along with my check one of them cleared the other did not so and it was in the same envelope and he kept telling me no it'll clear later.
So I have no faith at all that the check will be found even though it wasn't my fault it's UHC's fault.
Online access was very difficult to follow and did not direct me to the My rewards information that was promised so I therefore called spoke to a representative who then I had to reiterate all the information to be registered.
I don't think there was anything the gentleman answered my question and gave me a phone number there wasn't anything else it could do.
Because it does take time to do this and I know with the computers you have to wait until the computer works so no the time was fine and everything else was good too.
That could have been made a lot more simple then making me have to call in and get the information.
If that would have been provided to me up front that was simple to use (unclear) dental booklet or something and just even a sheet that says log into here.
I don't have any criticism of the person on the other end of the phone that could log on my account on the internet today took half the day.
Really looked after getting me (unclear) explained to me how to get the least amount of payment out of my pocket and very professional.
I called to get information about an address to file for my vision benefits myself.
Well not transfer me 3 times the first person I spoke to issue must have been multi tasking because she asked me how I am doing today 3 separate times and if the claims were processed under the correct member in the first place I would have had to call at all but thank you very much for your time bye.
Less referrals to different customer service reps I was referred at least 6 or 7 times and while they're always courteous it's a little frustrating.
A call or something maybe because I was worried about the bill because I'm just now checking my mailbox late and she said that you all had already paid it thank you I appreciate it.
I was trying to get EFT off of a premium.
Well I have to talk to about a half a dozen people (unclear) thirty minutes on the phone.
It's just a question I had about possibly getting the mail returned because I had forgotten maybe to put the billing slip in correctly.
So it's not a big issue but we'll wait a few days and the assistant answering the phone there for your company was very helpful.
You could've made the questions that I had more clear in the initial information that you sent me regarding the (unclear) and the prescription claim.
I was calling to get a copy of the letter I received in the mail this week it was not logged on my regular medical file.
You know gives you all the information instead of trying to rush you off the phone.
can give me all this information rather than four pages back and forth.
Explained everything went over and above to help me and my husband with a bill issue.
So people could report in and indicate what their passport requirements are and where they were traveling and so on.
Could not log on and could not get the help that I needed to log on.
But also the booklet that we got for this year doesn't have an index in it to locate information and I thought an index in the book would be good.
I received this from you (unclear) program letter today my current address and ZIP code and I gave it to the young lady and she entered it into the computer file and it did not take (unclear) not correct ZIP code but I'm getting my (unclear) my correct ZIP code is 30030 so that's the one thing that I was kind of ticked off about.
The processing of changing premium debits from my bank account from one bank account to another could've been done in a reasonable amount of time this process was initiated back in early April and you still have been unable to make such a simple transaction request although we sent all of the appropriate documentation copy of voided checks and a form filled out etcetera etcetera.
Fix your phone system I had to repeat my telephone number 5 times before I hit 0 and got an assistant to help me and that's it.
The only thing I could say would be about (unclear) these phone numbers that I have previously and that that number was not in service today and you didn't have an answer for that.
I tried paying my bill online it will not let me it keeps going to someone else's account.
I don't know why the person also uses this computer for his account and it won't let me do my account even though I am using my own email and my own password it goes to his account not mine.
I didn't have to wait a long time to get someone to answer my questions.
So I should give another ten for that request or report.
The forms that I had asked for a month ago could've been sent in a timely (unclear) and so I wouldn't have had to call and ask for them again.
So this is why I had to call back to the main number and that's you know.
You should be able to have a number where you can call back to people.
So I always used to have no problems at all with all of your reps providing wonderful information.
I've got a check coming up that I'll send in or call in.
The one thing that you could've done was made the appeal when I sent it in subtracted it not throw it out or have it buried under some papers someplace.
I spoke to someone but I have to call Social Security to send the payment.
Train your people so that we don't have to call multiple times getting conflicting information and hanging up after spending an hour on the phone and still not knowing what the next step of action is.
Your automated system has to be checked because it cannot read okay the numbers that it is asking for.
Not having to repeat the same information when I first dial.
They (unclear) transfer to somebody to help me get (unclear) information even though I could've or should've gotten it on the first call before the transfer.
Well I would say the only thing that you could really improve on in the answering part is that the telephone system seems to have a lot of breaks in it or you know background noise and I know that on every type of set up where there's telephone answering people there's going to be some noise but the noise just seemed to break in and break in and break in and if there's any way you could fix that so the conversation with the person providing the service and the person asking for the service is clearer in hearing terms that'd be wonderful.
the recorded lady that answers the phone she's pretty difficult to get through.
One of them had been changed the other had not and after trying to do it and not getting through on the internet and having too much problems in an hour and fifteen minutes on this call I am completely dissatisfied with the telephone call and the service I received.
Well right now I am not sure if the problem is solved until I go onto the computer but my (unclear) just received a text so it sounds like it's coming through.
I had called to get the ID number and group number for my policy.
I wish that we would've been able to tell me right away that I couldn't do the rerouting and the new account number on the bank over the phone.
You could give me a direct number on my card to call you.
So I think some how you either need to send out at the beginning of the year or explain if you have already had these home visits disregard this letter.
Allow me to talk to a person directly rather than having to use my keypad is the first option.
On this particular call there was nothing you could've done better for me but on my previous call the representative should've asked for my phone number so that when they drop me after 45 minutes on line I never got a call back had to start the whole process again today so I would think that all parties should ask for a phone number in case the phone gets dropped thank you.
The only thing you could've done is you got to keep checking and get my address as 2206A Cottonwood Drive instead of Apt A.
So I don't know if that was a glitch with the phone or with the computer but otherwise everything was great.
I was trying to find out regarding my subscription to the Renew magazine.
I could not get the information from your very helpful associate.
I didn't have to wait on the phone long.
I think it would be easier if the phone number were on the.
Which I had received a phone call about But the letter it is different than the voicemail message that was left for me.
So I just wanted to make sure that you agreed with the balance that I still owed and then he also brought up that I didn't have any body on my account in case they.
I've done telemarketing before and talked to people through headphones.
You could have told us the prescriptions that we filled last month instead of asking us to name stuff when I don't have them in front of us.
If y'all need to call me back y'all got my phone number to call me back.
Yeah so on the survey thing when they called me they said to call you and now you're telling me to call them at a different number.
Hi well the first time I called I didn't have any knowledge that they were transferring me it was no you know music or any kind of thing so I had to call back.
the lady I had received a notice on the other line and I wanted to continue with that conversation and the call was terminated right away because it's the serve.
It never came up and therefor the phone didn't connect.
So I don't know what to tell you about your system but your system is not allowing us to answer questions for all three people at one time.
The only complaint I have it took me seven phone calls to get through because I would just start talking to your animated system and it would cut me off.
And that's not your fault it's our mail service but I will get it in the mail today.
If and I will have to see if I signed a release that I would pay the amount over an above what was charged.
You could have clarified when I agreed to take your plan again for 2018.
However the person that I received the phone call from with 2 voicemail messages to my home was did not give me correct information.
I spend hours and hours every month trying to figure out what amount I owe thank you.
The only thing y'all can do better is fix your automated teller because when someone calls it will just take your date of birth your zip code and then it would disconnect.
I called on May 23rd in reference to finding a doctor and I was on the phone with you people for off and on for like 2 hours.
You have to have your physicians booklet of your doctors and whatever in the book updated as of the day that I called and looked in the book.
And I'm sure because I call in on the payments every month that I will be calling in probably for the July payment.
Absolutely nothing better this is the best response I've gotten from all of the places that I tried to get in touch with to change my address I'm totally impressed.
I got behind in my payments and y'all are not saying anything about it.
