I don't see anything that could have been much better because I do think that it has improved greatly and your representatives especially Mia she was extremely professional and courteous and I think that that's all that you really need to say.
Okay this is your best friend also and your big brother from West Virginia also my advocate her name was Samantha also you take care of your family and take care of yourself and also take care of your little sister also and if this is your big brother from West Virginia saying I'm glad I'm part of your family and thank you very much.
This is your best friend from West Virginia to let everyone from Manilla in the Philippines and my last advocate her name was Rachel and also take care of my lovely best friend from Manilla.
I think everything on this phone call was handled very well and I appreciate your staff and their commitment to quality.
Was wonderful she did it right thank you for having people like that.
Oh it was wonderful talking to the lady that helped me at customer service and nothing.
There's noting that you could do to make it better because you guys are fantastic and I appreciate it.
I love you guys and I talk to other people about United Health how great you are.
UHC people were wonderful to me today.
And I'm real glad and I appreciate what she did for me.
She's a great employee and again she was tremendous and helped me out immensely so I wouldn't change a thing.
She just is a treasure to your company and I so appreciate her being a blessing to me today.
Today's my birthday and she wished me a happy birthday and good health because again this time last year they didn't know whether I was gonna live or die and she was very helpful and she was pleasant and I really enjoyed talking to her and thank you so much.
You have done a beautiful job explain everything to me and I fully understand so I gave him a ten right across the board.
I want you to have a blessed day and I hope you're able to work upon that there.
Jacquelyn helped me and she did a wonderful job and I so appreciate it and thank you.
I got excellent service today from a wonderful lady.
I believe Ms Annie the service rep was fantastic and I'm very happy for her help.
I mean the person that helped me was super super nice and informative.
I really appreciated all the help she gave me.
I mean Sarah is a great customer service representative and to me she actually went above and beyond to help me find a new primary care physician.
(unclear) and Michelle was very helpful and I appreciate all the time she spent with me.
So I'm very upset over it and I don't appreciate what has just had.
Very nice lady that she helped me with all my questions.
Well I think Martha did a fine job and I'll just have to try her suggestion and see if all goes through like it's supposed to.
I couldn't have asked for anything better and I wanna thank you so much for having those kind of people.
He is knowledgeable professional and I am very happy with his service and I hope that everyone will follow his ethics.
And I hope you folks have a wonderful day.
I've always had very good luck with United Healthcare.
You guys are so far it's been a fantastic experience for me.
She's just a wonderful young lady and I thank you.
I've always had great and excellent service from UHC and I appreciate that.
Helped me through my appointments with the doctors office and everything and I hope you know you have a great employee there.
No you guys are absolutely the best and I really appreciate all of the programs that you have and the very courteous people that I can talk to.
And I just want to say that she was unbelievably nice and helpful actually every single one of them every single person that I'm talking from your place is always very nice very complete.
Ma used to be with Humana years ago but she switched to you guys and both of us are real happy with you so I wouldn't change a thing.
I'm the daughter of Evelyn Townsend and we're very happy with everything and we thank you for hiring really neat people to talk to on the phone.
Dasia was excellent and I appreciate all the help she gave me.
You did great and I'm very appreciative that I have the insurance your insurance and your girls are just excellent.
Oh yeah the lady was real good in helping me.
Well I'm happy with your service I think everything is okay and I appreciate that.
But I don't want to make anybody (unclear) because everybody's been extremely helpful thank you.
You couldn't have done anything better than it was already done but I do want to mention that you do have a very lovely employee by the name of Michael that helped me tremendously.
So I'm just grateful that I got somebody today that is able to help me.
So dear I wouldn't change anything than what they have done and I appreciate the help very much.
You've done everything that you could possibly do for me today and I do appreciate it so very much.
John was very helpful and answered all my questions and I really appreciated his help and I thank you.
(Unclear) and I'm very I feel so happy and good to these people in Medicaid.
That (unclear) that speak to me so gentle and nice and she (unclear) all my needs.
I got the answer to my questions and it was very pleasant talking to the young lady and I appreciate everything she looked up she helped me and I feel better now and I appreciate y'all and I've had a wonderful experience with your insurance company and I thank you so much.
Thank you and my remark is the representative who represents you naturally and she was extremely courteous and that the one thing is please I'm paying my (unclear) now.
Everything was done today to my satisfaction and I really enjoy talking to the UHC representatives because they all seem so alive and upbeat and happy and thank you.
You did what I needed you to do and I appreciate it.
a very quality time with me in explaining everything and I just wanna give her a great representation and I recommend my insurance to my family members but some of them (unclear) but I just really like my insurance and I do appreciate their help in helping me and Tinia's help for today and I thank you so much.
You're wonderful and the girls working there are (unclear) perfect.
Here this is your big brother from West Virginia saying hello to all everybody in Manilla and to the Philippines and Filipinos and the Filipinos and also to my little sister Gladys and trust me I hope you do real well and over there.
I just would like to say that Angel was super taking care of this and very nice.
You've done everything you possibly could and I appreciate the help from Stacey and also from William.
She did very well and she covered everything and I sure thank you for the help.
(Unclear) customer service they was right on point and they are very polite and everything and they couldn't do more better than what I (unclear) so y'all have a nice day.
It's very flexible (unclear) and I am so happy with her (unclear) liked her working for you.
You're great and she was great so thank you.
I'm always pleased with the answers that I get and I really care for UHC and I'm so glad that I'm with them.
Also all I can say take care of yourself and also stay comfortable also I was glad to be part of your family and thank you a lot Pearl.
It's a wonderful system and I appreciate all the help that I get very easily and quickly.
I'm presently on hold now to speak with the young lady that told me I could call back and talk with her so I've gotten real good service with you alls customer service department so far.
Just keep having the wonderful supervisor and the wonderful people in customer service like Katherine who took my call this morning.
I deeply appreciate the help with getting I had a snafu on my Part D and everybody has been very kind and I deeply appreciate it.
Everything was great as usual and you have wonderful people with you and I greatly appreciate their help all the time.
Helped me solve my problem and Cynthia was very nice and I appreciated all of the help she did for me and that's all I have to say.
The only thing better is to agree to let me have the knee replacement but a gentleman that I spoke with named Brian was very very nice very congenial and tried his best and I certainly do thank him and I'm very happy with UHC.
And I'm you know I'm very satisfied.
She went above and beyond what I my expectations and I thank you for having people like that working for you.
I enjoy your guys service and I'm being satisfied for what I'm hearing and my instructions were very satisfying for me and I understand every word and I understand every everything that you're telling me.
Sorry that I'm having to call so many times but I do appreciate it and I do appreciate your representatives for your company.
I am very satisfied with the service and I really appreciate your help and well you guys are the best.
I was very well treated by Akita and I have had good results every time I've called in so thank you.
Oh I it was so nice taking care of a 95 year old woman.
I was very satisfied with I think her name was Jenna and she helped me tremendously so thank you.
Just so impressed every time of how great and how approachable are you guys are with this answers and helpful with me.
the lovely courteous lady that I spoke to she answered all my questions and I do have this comment.
So it would be very nice if this could come to the attention of some people in United Healthcare and the clerk that I talked to today I believe her name was Mary she was wonderful considerate patient and I appreciate that very much and I've always had good responses from all the clerks male and female at United Healthcare.
I don't know what happened today because I have loved you guys from day 1 with my mom.
I have never had a conversation with anybody that I have not praised praised praised with this healthcare and I have not ever been disappointed ever.
Nothing service was wonderful I really appreciate the help and all the kindness and all the knowledge that all the staff has thank you.
there's nothing else better you could've done for me today she went above and beyond what she had to do to help me and I appreciate it and I appreciate her.
You couldn't have done better any time I'm very happy that I spoke with a wonderful agent and I only could commend her so much.
Actually everything was wonderful and just keep up the good work I appreciate it.
I can only say that the last 3 calls have been exceptional and the people that I worked with including Jessica and oh my gosh there was a girl before her and a girl before her and they were all delightful helpful and wonderful and I truly appreciated it.
I felt sorry for the lady on the other end.
You folks have a great day and we are very happy we're with United Health.
You should be very glad to have her working there.
I am very happy you've taken care of me well.
'Cause I've been dealing with this company since back in October and I really appreciate your help but it's very frustrating.
I spoke with Sean and excellent customer service rep very helpful and there's not anything else he could've done better.
They've always been polite and courteous and I been with UHC for many years and I (unclear) thankful (unclear) when I call and answer my questions and take care of me.
Your (unclear) your representative was very good in helping me.
You all are very fortunate to have the young lady that waited on me she was very good and I've certainly felt very welcome in all the situations thank you.
So the person that care of me I gave them 1s because she was delightful excellent representative.
So please change for me because she was a delightful person thank you bye.
You have wonderful people that is a pleasure talking to.
I respect everything that they have told me.
I appreciate the help and all of the good information and what and all and they took care of my needs very nicely and very good.
to my best friend Rachael who loves to be popular so take care of yourself from my lovely Rachael and also to the (unclear) I know her her name is Mary.
Cynthia was a great representative for United and it wasn't United's problem it's mine.
She resolved the problem and I'm ready to go so kudos to Rosa and to you for training her.
My issue was actually quite simple and Shantel was able to help me with it so thank you all very much.
And I guess that's probably all I can say because I'm a Christian woman and that was not a very good conversation.
However I will say that the agent that I worked with representative has been very helpful and very efficient in helping me to get my meds so I thank you for that.
I am well pleased with the service of that staff member of yours that just helped me.
I got all premium results from the person on the other line and I thank you very much.
It was very helpful and it was an enjoyable conversation with the health care people at your firm.
So I'm just thankful for talking to her.
They are all absolutely wonderful and I am so glad I'm with UHC.
Been with you guys a long time and hopefully I'll live long enough to stay with you a lot longer thank you so much bye.
I was doing so many things wrong so she was wonderful and I thank her very very much.
Again her name is I may be saying incorrectly Latarrel and I appreciate her so so much.
You really have a winner on this lady keep her thank you for your help today goodbye.
I was very pleased today with the way that the it went through and the service customer representative was just super and I do appreciate all that UHC does for all of us retired (unclear).
It would be better just to say who you are and that you're happy that we called you and we're happy to serve you and not go into the how was your day and how was your weekend.
I am really thrilled with the way your representatives make everything very personable and just carry on a good conversation and help us through work through all the issues that we do have.
So you know this has been a very upsetting thing for me.
So but I love y'all you done so much good for me and I appreciate your service and everything else so please don't take it the wrong way.
This girl just named Danielle was so helpful and I appreciate all of it so much.
I had a wonderful representative named Laura you should be proud and happy that she works for your company.
I just have something to say that everything and every time I call it's been a pleasure and I thank everybody from the bottom of my heart.
Okay this is your best friend form West Virginia (unclear) this goes out to everybody in Manilla to all the Filipinos and the Filipinas in the Philippines and also to and to my last advocate her name is Janine.
So I'm proud of you girl.
So I really don't have any other suggestions other than I am very pleased with the service that I get from you.
Like I told the first gal I was talking to it is just refreshing to come across nice people today.
I mean that's just quite refreshing today so thank you for your good training for them and I think I even mentioned to each one of them that I talked to a few minutes ago it's just nice to come across pleasant people today.
My last advocate was Marissa and all I can say she told me she's pregnant also take care of yourself Marissa and also have a wonderful healthy baby.
I was very pleased with the service of today because a lot of the things I didn't understand but she told me how to understand it and it was very beneficial and I appreciate everything thank you so much you have a great day and bye bye.
Your representatives are always very courteous and helpful sometimes the coverage that understanding of the coverage is not as good by us but like I said your representatives are always very helpful.
I'm very pleased with the help that I received and at this time I don't see that there's anything else that I need help with.
I can't even I just can't express enough admiration for everything that she did for me today.
I'm very very well pleased with how my my issues and concerns were handled and you guys did a wonderful job.
You could've paid it for me and that would've been even better but otherwise I'm very pleased with my conversation.
Appreciated it very much.
Every time I cal the AARP medicine plan I always get good service and Rachel was very good very professional and friendly on the telephone thank you.
Well you've always been nice (unclear) with you.
We're all human make mistakes and but today's call went good so the lady did a fantastic job and I appreciate her help.
Right now I can't think of anything but I thank you so much and the representative was excellent and she was very helpful and I appreciate that.
And you know if all of your representatives are as excellent as the one I talked to then you all have a great team of people and I do thank you for all your help.
Everything was perfectly explained to us or to myself and that will be it and I thank so much for Olivia for being so patient with us.
Every time I call everybody has been so nice and very helpful and I really appreciate the service I'm getting from UHC.
You guys have always been awesome with me and I have no problem.
the service person that helped me Eric was extremely helpful and accommodating and patient and help me trying to help me get (unclear) program.
Victoria was wonderful and I just appreciate the kindness she extended to me.
This is Eve Davidson and I just chatted with one of your wonderful people named Nancy and this is just a quickie question that I indulged myself on by calling your organization because you're so nice to me and your staff is so well informed and so quick with the information and so nice.
I do appreciate her kindness and her assistance and solving the issue once and forever.
And I'm so glad I am with y'all.
But other than that you know I've been really happy with UHC.
I always get help and everyone's always very nice.
I appreciate her being so nice and tried to explain this to me.
All y'all are so nice to me.
Everything you did was excellent and I'm very grateful that you are there.
I got my question answered plus I learned a lot of other things that are important for me in managing my health care program so again thank you for your efficiency and your thoroughness.
You service is excellent and we enjoyed it and (unclear) to the (unclear).
They always help me and they go beyond to help me and that's what's so good about it.
I appreciate everything that you did for me honey.
I didn't have to talk to a box and I thank you so much.
This is your best friend alpha and your big brother from West Virginia and I'm glad to be with your family and also this goes out to my best friend my only best friend her name is Tabatha and also like I said we are friends like I said I'm a little worried about her because I hope can make her throat feel better darling.
Like I said I care about you Tabatha.
Your absolutely perfect and wonderful and I'm very pleased with the customer service that I have received from Miss Sara.
So thanks to Alice I do believe her name was.
OK I first want to acknowledge Rappy C from your group was very very helpful.
I'm very appreciative for all they help they always give me.
Also this is to my little sister her name is Rochelle and also take care of yourself and also I'm proud of being your family.
I would greatly appreciate it if you hire more people like the lady that I just spoke with because she was absolutely wonderful by answering all my questions and taking care of me.
So I'm glad to be part of her family and also she's got a set of twins like I said and she's really beautiful and thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family.
Like I said I'll be glad to have a girl named Tiffany have a little sister.
All the Filipinas and Filipinos and also to my last advocate her name is Jonah my little sister so like I said darling like I said take care of yourself and also be brave like I said you will see your mother one day darling.
I think you're a great outfit and I'm really glad I got them.
This young lady was so awesome I am truly impressed with the level of professional help you have at UHC the last time and this time as well these people are absolutely wonderful.
She was there to help me find all the help that I needed and I would like to thank her for being so kind and so great to me it made the pain even feel better so thank you very much.
Nothing the customer service representative Marie was so helpful and knowledgeable and she went out of her way to help me and I really appreciate her help thank you very much have a good day.
I'm satisfied for the conversation I had with the worker and I thank you.
So far everything's been great and I'm thankful for your help.
I've always had everybody (unclear) so helpful when I call and they've getting issues resolved and working with me to help me get done what I need done so I appreciate the courtesy on the what a good job that they do.
I really hope that I'm able to be helped and I just wanna say thank you (unclear) Samantha.
I was satisfied with the answers and he represents your company well.
I wished we had more people like her (unclear) bye.
I think his name was Dave from Virginia very happy with his explanation and very helpful.
She has helped me husband get out of a bad situation in a nursing home I so much appreciate what she did she is a great person and went.
gave it 120% I sure appreciate her help and thank God for UHC helping me.
Nothing you guys were great give great customer service I really appreciate it and I do thank that young lady for taking her time and staying on the phone with me.
Lisa the representative was wonderful she went out of her way you all are doing a fabulous job in member services and I thank you kindly.
And the lady and I wish I remembered her name I'm so sorry but she did an excellent job.
So and I really like them and I will recommend them to other you know people and thank you.
I don't have a whole bunch to add other than the folks that helped me Richard is a supervisor and the first lady I spoke with was Cy and she helped me out a bunch too so anyways I have no complaints about everything they sure helped me out a bunch today and tell 'em I appreciate it.
And if I have the opportunity again I would love to speak with him because he is a kind person and he speaks with soft voice.
If I did I'd call you so you take care and thank you for having such a good group that will help me there.
Really not much what I like about that's changing to me is that the people that we talk to there they're more personal and they have feeling in a way.
I have (unclear) previous call said my appointment was canceled by Pam took are of the situation and we need more people like her that care about their customers and other ones have a tried to do their best also made me satisfied but Pam today made me very satisfied and I continue to be a member of UHC AARP and god bless all and have a good day.
I'm perfectly happy with the service that I got so thank you very much.
Sandy did a really good job and I was very happy with her kindness and all of her help and I appreciate United Healthcare.
I think you did everything just find and I thank you for always being so courteous whenever I call up and I've called a lot because I've moved out of the area and (unclear) some guidance.
Solved my problem right away and just a very nice lady so thank you for having hired her.
my little sister and also and my best friend (unclear) to your family.
The lady (unclear) thing I think she must've been new because she didn't seem to be real sure of the issues so you know I think.
She handled the call professionally and I'm very satisfied and thank you for having such an employee.
Directed and that is going to be a big help to me so I think you're very good.
Everybody is very nice that talks to me from the AARP UHC.
The gentleman Emilio that helped me was very resourceful and took care of my situation so thank you very much.
I just want to tell you I had a wonderful woman Christina help me today.
just this when I've called before people have always been very good and I appreciate it as a customer thank you.
services have been always excellent keep up the good work and God bless you people bye.
I'm very satisfied with UHC's service and how you all have answered all my questions and I appreciate your prompt service always.
This is your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia and this is to everyone in Manilla and the Philippines Pillipena's also this goes out to my last advocate her is Raya.
Okay this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia to everybody in Manilla and all everybody in the Philippines Phillipeno's and also this goes out to my little sister her name is Odessa.
Your representative Debbie was most helpful and I really do appreciate that.
And this goes to my number one sister her name is Evangeline and trust me she's the best.
I believe his name is Mark helped me.
I've always had good service and everything and I appreciate everything they do for me.
This is Andre Dupriest and I just talked to one of your colleagues Curtis.
She did an excellent excellent job and I had mentioned to her that she makes a wonderful representative for UHC Rx and I was very very very pleased with the transaction today.
You guys are (unclear) and they give me satisfaction I get from my (unclear) and thank you very much.
Her name is my little (Unclear) and take care of yourself sweetheart and take care of your precious 16 year old daughter.
This is coming from your best friend and I am your big brother from West Virginia and to say all over Manilla and the Filipinos Philippines Filipinos and also take care of yourselves and (unclear) advocate her name is Emily and she did real well.
Okay and I appreciated her help and I think AARP Medicare is a good program and I hope it continues.
Other than that my service and the young lady that helped me they were wonderful and I really do like AARP's insurance.
It was a number 10 instead of a 0 and I thank you for the gentleman who had helped me.
Take care of yourself and also this one goes out to my favorite little sister her name is (unclear) and also take care little sister and also we see you soon little sister.
I just hope I continue to be pleased when I call back tomorrow.
Actually my representative was most helpful I'm glad that I was able to speak with (unclear) because English I understand her (unclear) keep her.
Okay this your big brother from West Virginia and also calling from West Virginia to my little sister in Manilla also and also take care of yourself little sister from Manilla also and take care of that daughter of yours and plus and your members as well and also and yourself as well I'm glad to be part of your family little sis take care darling also be speaking to you soon hope it don't make a 3rd time thank you for letting me be part of your family and thank you.
I think your service has been wonderful and I'm always happy when I call the customer service.
Okay this is big brother from West Virginia and your big and your best friend from West Virginia and this goes out to everybody in Manilla and all everybody from Philippines Filipinos also Filipinos also this goes out to my best friend Anna.
You take care of yourself little sister and also you have yourself a great morning down there in Manilla now and thank you for allowing me to be in your family.
Your staff has been very wonderful in helping me understand the (unclear) and I do appreciate it.
You've been good to me.
I just want to say that in the last several calls the people that I've spoken to have been very kind and courteous.
They'll all wonderful ladies that I've spoken with today and God bless you all.
Myra was excellent and I think she deserves so many accolades I like what she did for me and she really worked hard.
And I'm very pleased so I don't have a complaint.
I did very much appreciate her willingness with patience and working with me.
Randy took care of me and very knowledgeable so I appreciate that.
They're very nice people talked with me today.
And the lady that I just talked to Gina is her name and she was super good and I thank you very much for everything that you do.
And I know everyone's had their hands full and doing all they can but everything is super fine and I appreciate y'all being there for me.
His name is Seth so he's very good at his job.
I appreciate everything that was done for me.
I love working with you guys.
I got good service and I will be calling back and to do other surveys and I hope y'all have a blessed day.
I hope she gets some kudos for her excellent customer service.
So Monique is a real gift a blessing to have as a representative there and I'm thankful for her.
Anytime I've spoken with you people it's always been a great experience.
And I'm very happy I have y'all.
I have received nothing but excellent knowledgeable and pleasant service from any representative I have spoken to.
Everything was excellent as usual and I just personally can't think of anything that would could improve it at all so thank you for your service and I appreciate that.
She was nice and she helped me and y'all have a good day.
Lisa and I forget the other gal I just spoke to oh gosh but Lisa helped me weeks ago and this young lady helped me now so thank you so much.
I had a really good experience and a super nice lady that answered all my questions and I'm very happy with my service through UHC.
I'm perfectly satisfied with the result and with the person who talked with me and I thank you.
Not much because you guys very nice and everything.
I really appreciate the lady that answered phone like so nice so sweet and really (unclear) helped me through that.
She's very concerned and I don't think of anything you could do but to make her one of the people who train other individuals for that type of work because she is so kind so courteous and that is about all I can say which is a little bit unusual for me because I don't usually say these things about customer service but apparently even as big as UHC is you still believe in customer service.
I know you did the best you could and I appreciate that very much.
The young lady today was perfect I wish everybody was trained like her but you need to start training your people more.
I think that the lady that helped me did an excellent job and I appreciate everything that she done for me in solving this problem that I had.
And I commend her tremendously she's doing a great job for you people and you're doing a good service for me too and I appreciate everything that you done.
And the young lady helped me every issue that I had and she was so compassionate and I want to thank you for your services.
The girl did wonderful I appreciate it so much.
And everything should be coming out okay he's taken care of a lot of my problems and I appreciate it so much.
First I just wanna say the service from the young lady (Unclear) was wonderful.
Appreciate everybody's so compassionate talking to me and very patient.
And just like I was telling her you folks are very lucky to have her she really makes a difference.
I have to be honest the your people were very courteous quick to respond.
I told her thank you but I think she's need to know just how good she is.
Everything was to my satisfaction I'm more than satisfied with the response with the help with the care and the knowledge that was given to me and I want to thank you for your representative so very much.
Hillary took great care of me.
He helped me get a new ID card and I thank you very much.
I just wanted to compliment Mary on the excellent customer service that she gave me.
You did very good and (unclear) helping to find that place (unclear) really work hard and they were extremely nice and I'm thankful and I'm glad to change my review.
I guess the forms easier to understand Amy was very helpful in going over this form for me and I thank her again and thank you.
That's probably it but I've been happy with the you know the service so so far so good.
She was you know answered my questions in a manner that I could understand everything that she was saying and I have to tell you that she did an absolutely wonderful job and I would like to strongly recommend that you give her recognition for what a fine job she did and I am a very pleased person.
And also I'm glad to be part of your family and like I said.
Hello you guys are perfect and I (unclear) and they all listen very carefully and tend to my needs.
You people were wonderful and it makes my life easier Thank you very much.
I don't believe there was anything you could've done better for me but your agent Augustine was extremely helpful to me and he is really and truly a asset to UHC.
And I appreciate you having such a wonderful representative for your company to take care of me.
But I don't know what happened to Ira but he was you know not good.
And the service that you provide to my 83 year old mom is just phenomenal and I am so grateful for your care and your professionalism.
And for your people like Alexis and she definitely deserves kudos.
She is very I'm very for this Friday and I don't care (unclear) to Davina.
Also the last advocate her name is Amy and she's a full Filipino all the way from Manilla and also I'm glad to be in your family and also thank you.
Oh hi I am extremely pleased with the conversation that I had with the you know the health care consultant that I spoke with.
It was nice to hear when something is going well and think you're doing a phenomenal job and I'm very grateful.
Very helpful the gentleman and it helped me out very much and I appreciate it.
Hi my name's (unclear) I just wanna let you know that (unclear) she did a wonderful job (unclear) and if you can give her a (unclear) and give her employee of the month (unclear) a wonderful human.
Well I wish I could find something to tell you to improve but I think the young lady (unclear) she did a very good job.
You already did excellent as it is and I'm very happy I have (unclear) UHC and you do a excellent job.
Y'all talk to me real good and real nice.
Nothing because it was very successful and I appreciate it very much.
I got all the information that I needed and I'm just so thankful that I am a part of the membership of UHC.
The issue isn't totally resolved but I can't believe the time and effort that he put into it and he was so courteous and helpful to me which I really appreciate very much.
Laura gave me great services.
I'm very happy with your customer service so far anytime I've called it's been absolutely wonderful and she was great.
Anyway I'm pushing it for you so I hope I know you got a lot of customers and I'm very pleased and I will continue with UHC.
Everything you're doing is just fine and I appreciate you.
got to dot all the I's and dot all the T's and the person was very patient and I appreciate that.
I hope I always get a very nice customer service lady like Amelia.
Ma'am I appreciate everything y'all doing.
This person ought to be getting a raise I can assure you she went way beyond the call of duty and did an excellent job I really appreciated her service.
The gentleman I spoke to was absolutely fabulous and I just highly whoever he speaks to again I'm sure he's going to give the best that he can to them as he did to me.
You tried your best to resolve my problems and you just went a step beyond most people and I appreciate it.
Miss (unclear) who is awesome she helped me out immensely and please give her a bonus or whatever your company does.
I'd say everything's great to me and I'd thank them for what she done.
I certainly do appreciate anybody that I talk to there.
or the weekend but the other three times I did not receive the catalog but I believe this lady named Rhonda is actually going to help me get the catalog and she was so nice thank you.
They're kind to help me so that pleased me real very nice.
And I think the people you have working for you are just totally awesome.
Everything was fine and I really do appreciate it and I thank y'all very much.
Your real people your real customer service people were very respectful and they treated me with dignity and respect.
I will tell you the one thing today that has been my best experience ever with you and that was the lady that helped me on the phone.
The lady with UHC and wish Rx Coalition were extremely helpful very knowledgeable friendly and took care of everything.
been so nice and clear and I certainly did enjoy talking to them and they did a perfect job.
She is an asset to the company and I appreciate her help.
But other than that your service was wonderful and I thank you.
You guys better make sure you keep her and give her a raise so she stays with you guys because she's very helpful respectful thorough she knows her stuff and you guys better make sure you keep her.
I mean I'm so glad that Linda was able to get it straightened out for me and I appreciate it so much.
I'm very pleased and thank you so much for being concerned and I'm just excited that people have these jobs and they're not in tuned with people but they (unclear) to have that personal touch that a human being needs in a frantic situation where they're thinking that nothing's going to be done and if someone had got all of them without being fair or decent to them.
I have no complaints at all and I'm very thankful for their help.
it's coming from your big brother and also and your best friend from West Virginia also my last advocate her name is Patty also take care little sister and also keep on (unclear) and also I'll be looking forward to speaking to you real soon.
You my young lady gave me excellent information.
I just came to say that this is Patricia Newby your service is extremely good.
The representative I spoke to was very kind and lovely to speak with and she was able to address my questions and my needs for calling today thank you very much for her service.
I've had great experiences with all your customer service representative all professional very thorough and good feedback thank you.
I didn't know what was happening with it so now I'm satisfied with that and the young lady that I spoke to was very pleasant and very helpful and have me some helpful advice on how to approach you know some of the problems I'm having with me medical doctors so that's it.
She really didn't give me good service she really didn't.
So I just want to tell you how well I respected and felt that he did everything he could to help me.
And I've always enjoyed your service.
Tanya was my representative today and she did an outstanding job I can tell that she has a passion for what she does.
Sometimes when you get older these are things that you need when you're talking on the phone and I am a people person and I want to thank Tanya she is an asset to your organization and I'm so glad that I was able to have a conversation with her today.
I'm happy with what the conversation that I had with your young man and I'm satisfied thank you very much.
I seen my health care people from you this morning and I'm looking forward to continuing the relationship with UHC and again I really appreciated talking to Katherine this morning.
So tell Margo that I'm 69 years old and don't want a woman or anyone referring to me as dear thank you goodbye.
Every that the representative did was great fantastic they helped me with what I needed to be helped with and I truly appreciate their courtesy and their patience thank you so much.
The help was tremendous and got my problem resolved and I appreciate it so much and thank you.
She is great and I'm very satisfied with her efforts and trying to solve this issue and she's gonna call me back to make sure that everything is okay and it was approved and so on and so forth so thank you so much.
Oh everything was great I appreciate her corporation very much.
They're really nice people thank you.
The representative that I talked to was extremely helpful and you did a great job and I appreciate everything you did for me.
I just want to give kudos to Miriam who was the representative that took care of my questions and concerns.
Greg is the person that handled it for me and he did a great job and I'd highly recommend that he get all kinds of atta boys.
You've done everything that I asked for and I really appreciate your help very much.
Everything was great the thing I appreciate the most is someone who actually speaks English and understands thank you.
the girl the customer service has been excellent they are very understanding they do everything they can to help and there's nothing they can do.
And again I give him a hundred percent for how well he handled my call and how helpful he was.
I had no problems with her and I thank you.
I had a very very informative pleasant professional person Chelsea help me with my question today.
He's very professional helpful and he I think he will resolve this problem very quickly for me.
Would've been nice if you could've completed what I called for but you couldn't do that without my husband being here.
I am so pleased with both people that have helped me today.
I want to cry because I've been (unclear) for a long time so thank you very much and you have a nice day okay.
They've been very helpful you all have at UHC.
And it's a great experience talking to you guys.
But today the representative was excellent and I wish that all your representatives were as thorough in describing things and helpful as Shaquina today.
I had excellent service from Sherry and I appreciated her very much.
The representative was very professional and very polite and I'm very pleased with my answers and she helped me very much and I just want to say thank you for everything that UHC does for me.
I feel confident and my account is gonna be fine and I wish her well and I hope I get to talk to her again and so she's very nice.
He's very nice and he did he helped me as much as he could and I really do appreciate how nice everyone is.
My questions were all answered by this wonderful lady that works for your company and I appreciate her patience and her time she gave me and you guys are a fantastic company and she is a fantastic lady.
My the agent that took care of me his name was William and he was very helpful and friendly and explained what I had to how much I had to pay and I appreciate that and thank you and have a good day.
Everything was superb and I would I appreciate it to the fullest how (unclear) y'all are and you get the job done real quick for an individual and thank you.
I was very pleased with the service and Ann did an excellent job in taking care of my questions and my needs and I very much appreciate your time.
I'm quite satisfied with the person I spoke with and thank you.
So take care of yourself and to my last advocate her name is JD my beautiful little sister from Manilla.
Hope they doing fine and also this goes out to my nice advocate.
So take of yourself my little sister and also I'm glad to be your family and also I'm very concerned about you.
This goes all out to Manilla and all the Philippines Phillipenas Phillipenos and to my very best friend I really care about.
So take care of yourself Anna and I really appreciate you doing what you're doing.
Hi the gal was great.
Y'all are excellent and I couldn't ask for me.
Your representative was very focused on me the customer cuz we're very customer focused.
so my doctor is changing my medication but Mary from the Philippines was an excellent help thank you.
I am just so thoroughly happy with Marion and with you guys.
She is great and I suggest that you all give her a huge raise and a well deserved thank you from me.
I'm just hoping and praying that my request will be approved but I was speaking with Rhonda and I'm telling you she can walk on water she's a good PR person for UHC.
Michelle treated me real well.
Answered all my questions to the positive for me and I really appreciate y'all.
So everything was fine and I enjoyed talking with him and I want him to have a very nice day and thank you all and have a good day.
She was amazing and I hope you tell her that.
So that's one thing that's always impressed me with UHC.
I'm very pleased and happy with the agents that I speak to with UHC and they always help me out.
Your services were 100% my representative was great and I really appreciate her help and your services.
I told the gal I spoke with this but I don't know if it's gonna be fast on.
I love everything you've done for me.
So anyway her name was Melissa and she was a real sweetheart so thank you very much for being my insurance company and I really appreciate it.
You guys couldn't have done anything any better Faith Misty and Devina were absolutely great assets to me today and they need to be recognized.
I got a lot of things accomplished and my mind is resting easier and I thank you guys always.
I can't even tell you many how many thanks and those three girls were wonderful Faith Misty and Devina.
Everything went real good and I appreciate your being my insurance company.
I think I'm pretty sure and I appreciate all the help she gave me and she was very conscious of my problem and extremely willing to help and she did as far as I know correct the problem and I thank her and you should have more people like her working for you.
I find all the people I've spoken to represent the company extremely well and have answered all my questions and are very thorough.
Not happy with this company I can tell you that but I will tell you two of your representatives that I've talked on the phone were absolutely wonderful.
She followed through and made me really happy that I am a member of United Health.
both were extremely helpful to me and I want to acknowledge them in this survey.
And I think (unclear) quite well with me so far.
Your staff is wonderful and just continue your wonderful work.
You trained them very well and I think all of them have a compassion for the people that call.
She's very polite thorough and knowledgeable about what I need to do so I really appreciate her and she should be recognized for being professional and knowing what she's doing.
I told him that I'm very satisfied with your service with all the representatives that have helped me in the past they've all been very professional and kind.
And I appreciate you having her in your employment because she was top notch.
they always seem to hear a smile in their voice and they're so anxious to assist us customers.
Y'all have been real good to me.
It's the best insurance company I've ever been in and I thank you so much for taking care of me.
I think her name was Angel and also a Mary also I gave you a good scare with you Mary.
I had no issue with anything that was done today on this call and I do appreciate you having very reputable representatives online.
Chris was very good about it and I do appreciate everything.
The people that I talk to are all very nice and funny and smart and I can't think of anything to change at this time and goodnight.
Two days that I've had it's been a wonderful experience for me and I want to thank you people.
So I know he's going to call me back and I know complete faith and trust and how we're doing so as your organization has just been extremely professional and I'm very happy that I'm fortunate enough to have you as my medical health need.
my issues was handled and I appreciate it very much.
She's a lovely person and a good girl and I love talking to her and she loves talking to me we enjoyed it very much.
Y'all did real good with the call when I called in y'all very helpful gave me a lot of confidence in what y'all doing and I thank God for that.
And I sure appreciate (Unclear) she explained to me what I need to be done and I really appreciate her advise.
And all the people are always so nice to help you and everything.
Also to my last advocate her name is Joyce as lovely as ever also take care my little sister.
They've always been nice to me.
I think she's one of your outstanding representatives and if everybody else is like Norma you guys got a lot of people to be proud about.
I just want to tell you guys that (unclear) was a really great representative today.
I'm really glad I mean I'm really glad.
I need to be reassured that everything is everything's in order with my plan and I thank the representative Jenny who helped me.
I understand that but I just wanted to let you know that he was extremely helpful with me and I just hope you get some credit for this.
Every time I call your customer service representative absolutely wonderful I've never talked to a group of more kind or caring people ever working for a business so I really appreciate all that you do thanks.
And I think you know I've always been pleased with UHC and I you know like the coverage that I get with this company.
every person that I have spoken to is very courteous and informational and right now I don't have anything to say about (unclear) and (unclear) insurance (unclear) Medicare is very good to me.
The only thing that I could say is I have been very blessed today by (unclear) who listened to me and satisfied everything that I called her about and so you helped me.
(Unclear) spoke with your representative (unclear) get the information and her kindness and (unclear).
I had a nice conversation with your representative and I can't anything to add.
I don't think you could improve on your service because the lady was very nice very helpful and I appreciate it thank you.
You know the customer service that I spoke to Regina is her name she's really very helpful and she takes her time to resolve the issue and I'm really grateful thank you.
I hope we continue on doing as great as you did with me you do to others.
She did everything beyond her call of duty and I really appreciate it 'cause I don't like the people to run you down.
We have always for the last two years been with UHC and have been very satisfied and Beverly is wonderful thank you bye bye.
Well Miss Tondra said she would check it out and so that's fine with me she sounds like a very intelligent and worthy person that's helping me.
There's nothing you could've done better I got the information I needed the doctor could've done that but she refused to find me a new doctor (unclear) doctor because she want me to keep wanted to keep me in her circle and I didn't appreciate that and I appreciate the help I received from you today.
She was very fast in getting my records pulled up and she helped me and told me how things were and I wanted to find out about the Medicare thing and she explained that to me and everything was wonderful and (unclear) you all are the best representatives that anyone could have so thank you very much and I'm so glad to be with (unclear) and United Health and I'm glad I'm staying well.
You did very good and I always enjoy how quick the calls come through and the representative take care of things.
I think you need to give Kudos to this lady that did help me and so I'm very well satisfied.
Your representative was very helpful and I appreciate all the help I get with UHC.
I appreciate your guys' help and I don't know how much everyone's been so wonderful.
Your staff is outstanding and has always provided top notch service which I greatly appreciate.
Yeah I think everything was great for me and I appreciate y'all help that's for sure.
She answered all of my questions and I really enjoyed speaking with her and I hope she has a wonderful Mother's Day.
You know everybody was very nice to me.
I appreciate the lady's help today and I hope you guys have a great weekend.
The person I was talking to was been helpful and had the patience to look for the address in the place that I can use for my for what I need and I thank you very much for all your help.
I want you guys to know that she is a wonderful person to work with.
The you're always helpful and courteous and go the extra mile and they're like I said I don't think it could be any better.
And I don't know how so you all have wonderful staff and you have a wonderful day and weekend.
Give better prices on the medications and I know that's the pharmaceutical companies but something's gotta be done but the person I spoke with is very very nice and very helpful thank you.
I was satisfied with the representative I have spoken to everybody's been courteous in giving me the information I need and I appreciate that thank you goodbye.
You were kind considerate took care of it quickly and I appreciated both the young lady and the man who helped me thank you very much.
The woman that I talked to has been very good at helping me solve my problem (unclear) thank you.
I think that it's been pretty good I've been with them for a while now and things are just fine.
Okay the lady that helped me was very nice I have no complaints with her and her service the only complaint I have is that you do not give us enough options when you we live so far away from medical facilities thank you.
I had no problem understanding and I was totally satisfied with her help thank you.
You all have been very helpful to me and I appreciate you as my prescription my medicine insurance.
Took a lot of time with me and I tell you you guys are very lucky to have her on your team.
So you just check and see who I talked to and she was marvelous (unclear) best customer service I've gotten in a long time from anywhere.
Stacey is a wonderful asset to your company and she solved the problem for us.
I believe that Shane was a very big help and I look forward to receiving the documents that he's sending me and all in all it was a very satisfactory call.
I'm just completely satisfied she was delightful I've trained people to do this for JC Penny's handle the phones and she did a great job so thank you very much.
I was a (unclear) customer service your representative was proactive and actually source out a couple items that were needed and I'm extremely happy I would say that if you could train everybody like her life would be good for everybody thank you.
I just wanted to let you know that I spoke to a gentleman did a wonderful job as a spokesman and (unclear) and see about giving an employee of the month (unclear) UHC.
she gave me good customer service she gave me quality customer service y'all need more workers like her.
Y'all better hold onto a good worker like her because you don't come across a good worker like her and she has a beautiful smile her smile lights up the phone and I think she deserves a raise y'all look into it and make it happen she deserves a raise and she would make a good supervisor because she already good at customer service and y'all better hold onto a good worker like her because she gave me quality customer service.
and that will save me some money so I appreciate the girl really looking into it and finding out things that I needed to know thank you.
They're going to mail it to me and I think that would be the only improvement I could offer and as far as the representative goes you're lucky to have such a fine woman working for you she was fabulous and pleasant and knowledgeable and professional and just absolutely what I would rate as the highest level of customer service thank you.
The lady that helped me from Texas she was great and I appreciate it very much bye.
And I've always gotten wonderful service so thank you and keep up the good work.
Your person working on (unclear) was terrific helpful very knowledgeable and I give her a lot of praise thank you.
I'd like to tell you about your worker there Michael he was an excellent person.
And she came back with all the right answers and it was just fabulous working with her thank you very much people.
Probably the most important thing is to pay attention to the needs of the customer and (unclear) you know the situation promptly so we really appreciated Julia the (unclear) people act (unclear) our needs.
And gave it to me so I hope he gets some kind of kudos for it thank you.
All of them helped me and I just really appreciate the agents that you have working for you're company United Health.
You guys have been outstanding and helping me a lot.
my experience with you guys has been great.
I hope she has a wonderful day and a wonderful Mother's day.
I've been with you guys for a long time and so now I have to do that because I can't.
my knees and my back hurt me so bad so I'm just you know-.
the lady I talked to today is just as nice as she could be she even wished me a Happy Mothers' Day.
You were very helpful for this time I can not think of anything.
Your service is excellent and Rick today helped me a lot.
And I was very grateful to get somebody so nice to help me out.
She is an asset to the company and I love your.
I had a wonderful girl with an ID number of 126858309 (unclear) thank you.
Angie your representative was delightful helpful and spot on to get things taken care of.
She was knowledgeable and she helped me all the questions and I appreciate the UHC help and you have a wonderful day.
You have excellent customer service and I just spoke with Brandy and she is truly helpful and I there is no changes to be made just your rep your customer service is very excellent.
and the rep I dealt with again was amazing informative and I really think she needs kudos.
I appreciate her giving me all the information that I needed and I thank you.
And I appreciate (unclear) to all my friends family goes there you know particularly or medically keep up with you know (unclear) it's kind of an endorsement (unclear) reputation for (unclear) thank you.
She's very nice very knowledgeable and I think you've hit it right on the nail okay.
It was extremely nice to talk to all of your representatives.
Nothing to change Christopher helped me was very pleased with the service have a good day.
But I cannot thank you enough for Will who was the representative that helped me tremendously.
She was courteous and I look forward to my future calls with UHC.
Everything was okay I was satisfied with the results and the person helped me very well and I understand and I accept the medical and thank you guys so very much.
the support that I received from the young lady that I spoke with did an excellent job and she was very thorough thank you so much.
Hopefully Trump follows through with what he says but we do appreciate Robert's input.
I was very happy with this person that helped me very clearly understand my understanding nurse.
As far as UHC I want to tell you both the woman were very informative.
So Rachatta deserves an extra pat on the back for being such a good representative for you folks.
Just exemplary and I can't thank you enough.
So I'm very pleased and I recommend to everybody who was planning to retire from (unclear) county.
Ty is a gentleman and he knows his you know the proper answers to my questions.
Hi this is Joanne (unclear) I don't know what you could have done better because I spoke to the young man and his name Todd from Columbus Ohio and he was the nicest sweetest most wonderful young man.
Sweet but business like and I appreciated him very much.
But you guys are lucky to have Donna and I just felt lucky to get Donna today to be able to help me.
Hi this is Barbara Horning and I am totally satisfied with the woman's patience.
I can't think of anything better Lori the young lady that helped us was very very good and helped and very sweet we really enjoyed speaking with her.
Absolutely nothing I am overly pleased with UHC and their office personnel they're very courteous they willing to help and they do that.
I'm very happy with his information that he gave me he's a wonderful agent.
You have invested in a wonderful person to be my representative.
Everyone who I have spoken to everyone is courteous and I really appreciate the customer service you provide.
Her English was great and thank you for having her working for you that's it.
He's real good gentleman polite and I really appreciate it.
She was excellent in handling my situation and I'm very happy with UHC so thank you.
Very helpful I appreciate everything that was done for me.
I am just so pleased with the customer service of UHC I mean it is absolutely wonderful.
I really appreciate it and it's easy to talk to someone and the knowledgeable people there is outstanding.
I enjoyed speaking to the young lady that I spoke to and she done a wonderful job in answering all my questions and giving me information that I needed and I appreciate her and I thank you for being my provider.
I appreciate everything the representative spoke to me.
This is my first time calling regarding introduction to your service and I was most impressed with the knowledge that your representative had.
Give me somebody who speaks English very well.
Her name was Keisha and she was a big help so now it's up to me though to have to call and thank you bye bye.
I'm very well pleased that I'll get this done to help me today.
It was fantastic and I appreciate it so much and so does my mom.
So I think that kudos to the people who helped me very much.
I haven't talked to anyone there ever that wasn't patient and and kind and genuine in their efforts to help people.
I'm very pleased and the person who told me his name is Ryan and he did great and I'm very very satisfied with everything.
They should give us something to speak about the person who was helping me was extremely good extremely (unclear) to me and senior citizens we don't understand these things but he made it very easy and clear to me and I appreciate that.
I have really good feelings that she helped me real well and I appreciate her services.
She was very kind and she helped me out a lot and I really appreciate that I had signed up with you all and I will tell anybody about you all.
Very friendly good phone voice so don't think she can stand any improvement.
Shay was wonderful and he I think gonna take care of everything for me.
Laura was absolutely amazing and I appreciate all of her help.
I have no complaints or problems at all you guys have been really good to me helped me out through hard times so I am glad just keep up the good work.
The girl that I spoke to today was very good I appreciate all her help I had spoken to someone previously and I guess they did reach out to (unclear) but they didn't really get anything resolved at all I don't believe so I guess you know I'm just hoping that this will be done in a timely manner so that because I have to keep paying on this bill which is well we just have to keep paying on it because they had told us it would go to collections if we don't so I appreciate your help and thank you.
I've never had any issues when I call it's just the representative has always been very helpful and friendly and listens to what you have to say and you know they never cut you off.
But overall fabulous and you have a wonderful day and thank you.
I would hire her any day and you aught to give her a raise so thank you.
I'm very pleased you know and I don't think you can do any better than what y'all did by helping me out.
Everything's excellent and I am so glad that I have you guys to look after us seniors.
The representative was very concerned and took care of my problem and I thank you very much.
I wish that all you know people that I work with the public would be that gracious.
Maybe you could do something nice to him since he was so kind and very patient with me.
The guy Aaron I think his call center was in Missouri did a great job compared to sometimes when I call I get people that appear to not know anything about the various coverages or anything but Aaron today was great treated me great and answered all my questions and helped me resolve the issues to the best of my and his satisfaction and so appreciate it.
So I've been with you guys for a year and I'm almost 80 and I'm very pleased with your service.
She's a really good at what she does and thank you for having her 'cause she made me feel at ease and like she'd gone to large trouble just for me and I really appreciated it.
Very good and I would be I would recommend this outfit thank you.
Hi my name's Tanya Bailey my husband's Douglas Bailey.
Gloria did help me in every possible way that she knew how and she is a great employee and she's a real asset to your company.
It's a pleasure to have y'all UHC because I'm so impressed with your employees like Daniela they've always been excellent and she was just perfect.
And I am so appreciative of Emily for following through with taken care of this which it looks like the other people did not I'm not sure.
But Emily took care of it I appreciate her so much.
So anyway you guys are great and I'm glad to be part of your family.
Thank you so much for having somebody like that to speak to elderly people the way he did me he was nice to me and he was very informative.
To achieve a better way of life and I wanna say thank you to the management for hiring such very capable very kind people to be able to talk on the phone.
And I hope everybody has a great day.
You had an efficient informative worker and I certainly appreciate her patience and her intervening in my.
They did great my customer service representative was great so I really don't have anything to say that you could improve.
And they even listened to me while I was crying and I do thank you guys for your help.
very well done by Linda and I will be receiving my.
It was wonderful help and I really appreciated this young lady's help and she answered everything so thank you.
There's not 3 words to describe how utterly awesome professional kind and courteous that he was and you don't know what that means to an older person who has no family and nothing.
You guys have treated me very good.
And I think y'all are excellent people to deal with.
Alright you all have done wonderful today.
I like you people and I think you all are very healthy and I appreciate you.
It was very helpful to me to talk with Maya and I certainly appreciate her help.
You are very lucky to have her as an employee.
You guys should be very proud of who you have representing you.
Thomas did an excellent job and I also want to commend Amanda through claims that helped me to no end with problems that I had and I do appreciate United Healthcare.
Yes I got different answers from different people about United Health and I'm very disappointed in that.
Everything was done very good and I'm I'm very appreciative and I thank them for all they done.
So I appreciate everything and every time I've called everybody's been fantastic.
I am mostly very pleased with Optum and other than the fact that I just wasn't able to clearly understand Dashelle in Florida all is well.
She did as much as she possible could do for me and I will always be grateful to Tatiana for what she has done.
I am so glad that you all hired Louis to work in your customer service and I just say thank you because I talked to with.
I've been very happy and very happy to receive the information I ask and (unclear) for the people that tell me.
She is a keeper and I will always stay with United Health.
Everyone that I have spoke with has been absolutely wonderful patient kind attentive understood immediately.
They're both great so you guys are wonderful.
Well (unclear) it's more of Nathan he was unbelievable patient caring and professional.
I am so pleased with all the people that I have talked to over this last couple of years so no just keep up the good work.
I would like to have the people that you speak to be able to speak better English.
And he was wonderful and I just I like your company and yawl have never you've always served me very very well and so at this point I only have good things to say about you and I have recommended you to many of my people that I know so that's all I can say.
Very good person that works on the job and understands everything I ask and I want to thank her very much for it.
Because she was excellent so give my congratulations to Amanda please.
Nothing (unclear) the lady that took care of me Dianna was a nice lady and she helped me a lot.
Knew what to do for everything I had a problem with and I think you have a wonderful representative.
I've been with you all for almost 10 years and you all still hadn't give it to me and I still haven't got it yet so you all need to give it to me thanks.
I just hope I get her again when I call back when I get the information so thank you.
I appreciated everything that the gal that was taking took care of me and I understand now what's going on so I appreciate you.
Natalie was a big help to us and gave us the number for the tech support team and we appreciate that and we are sure it'll be resolved properly.
I would like to have someone who quite frankly speaks a little better English.
They're very clear and I understand them and I'm just pleased with you.
But I've had 2 others including today and the reps were awesome so thank you.
She was very helpful and very patient she really exceeded you know knowledge of the program of UHC services and you need more people like her to answer to help your customers.
You all have been really wonderful to me.
I wanna say well I always say that UHC has a great team of providers in all services and all departments and I am so pleased with the service that I received from you.
Good conversations and the lady was nice bye.
And I want you to know I'm definitely satisfied.
Gabrielle the assistance was wonderful and I hope that everything works out well for me on my medication and (unclear) a wonderful service that I've been given and I have called the group before and they've always (unclear) for me and I appreciate it.
You all it was great and I enjoyed speaking to the representative.
I found that Zack was a very big help to me today.
It's always wonderful to talk to you.
It was a great experience and I thank Donna very much for her answers and she was seems to really be on top of things.
Again her name was Peggy and she's in Florida and I want to thank you very much.
I am so glad that that's the program that I have.
There's not a thing that they could've done better for me because they were very wonderful to talk to and I enjoyed talking with them and I'd be pleased to talk with them again.
all your representatives are very helpful in helping us as senior citizens and we really appreciate all that you do.
I didn't have to wait on the line and every time I've ever called the representatives have been helpful and courteous and I appreciate you guys a lot.
Please have a blessed and safe day and I was happy to do your survey for you.
you know this girl was great today.
I was completely satisfied with Raven's answers and I think y'all are doing a great job and there's nothing more for me to say.
I wish all your representatives were as good as the one I talked to today.
And that's since January so believe me she was a blessing because I was very bummed out worrying where I'm gonna get 365 dollars on this.
So I think she's wonderful and she deserves anything you can give her because she gave me a lot of (unclear) answers today so please.
It was a pleasure and I don't get to I don't generally get this kind of service in any anything else I do so that person was great and I'm very happy camper.
You could've got somebody that understands English very well.
She was a very good help and I just want her to know that I appreciate her assistance.
Your people are very nice and they have senses of humor and we laugh and they help me take care of my business and I couldn't ask for a better experience.
Train the rest of your representatives that answer calls to be as knowledgeable and professional as Carly was because she is absolutely phenomenal and I would really appreciated people like her that resolve my issue so thank you.
And I want you to know what a fabulous employee she is.
I appreciate all you guys do for me and just keep up the good work.
Very informative and I hope she gets a great raise.
All my questions were answered excellent and I thank the representative who helped me today.
But I just really wanted to take thank Keysha who was I guess you would call her the customer service representative.
I mean just great things and you improved my life.
Jessica was a terrific representative of your company and I greatly appreciated her help today.
You did everything perfect for me I appreciate your assistance.
I'm completely satisfied and I will just have to wait to see the results of the information that I got and until then I really won't know how satisfied (unclear) everything that has occurred before this dealing with my care giver and so on and so forth has been perfect and all of the people I have talked to have been wonderful.
I cannot say enough about how super terrific she was.
we do listen and you guys are polite and I just enjoy talking to you and your help.
I mean really she solved my problem and I can't praise her and your other workers (unclear) you know I mean I can't do it enough.
They're friendly and they're knowledgeable and it's just a real pleasurable experience to call and get like you always tell me you're gonna try and get me the information I need today and that's what happens.
Do not lose her as an employee because she was awesome and I much appreciate the help that she did give us.
Your people really don't know very much and aren't able to help very much.
I really appreciate what the representative said and how she handled it and she was very comforting in helping me to get the information that I need and thank you so much.
I believe everything was taken care of today and I appreciate the courtesy of the person that you know spoke with me.
So thank you and they all have been that I have talked to and I talked to several in the last two months so they've all been extremely nice and if they couldn't help they would see if someone could help me.
I was so satisfied with the young lady that I talked to you can't do anything better because you can't fix perfection.
Which I thoroughly enjoyed getting this magazine it's really helpful and knowledgeable and I like all the different articles.
It's very upsetting and the gentleman who helped me couldn't have been nicer and more helpful it's not anything to do with his service it has to do with the service of the insurance.
everything was very qualified and they helped me in every way she could and I appreciate her help thank you.
Very satisfied with her knowledge and willingness to listen and helping me today and I'm very pleased.
I have had no problems everybody's been very courteous and I'm (unclear) in Alvetta Florida every time I come on line there and I appreciate your kindness and thank you.
The person that helped me today was very very helpful and as long as I've been with you guys he's been the most helpful of everybody that I've ever talked to.
I appreciate everything that the staff did for me and I'm very well pleased with it.
You people are just wonderful and kind and help you anyway they can.
Today was a excellent I received excellent customer service from the representative that waited on me thank you.
I just think they're not as educated and familiar with things.
And I know they're busy and everything.
You guys took care of everything I needed and I enjoyed the whole experience and (unclear) and I appreciate what you do.
He put my mind at ease and thank you.
Yes this last customer service person that I talked to did an outstanding job and their humorous attitude really helps me and I believe helps any member get comfortable talking to customer service.
I'm proud of them you should be proud of them.
I can only say you have a terrific employee have a pleasant day and thank you for your assistance bye bye.
It should've been a ten too but yes your representative went way above her skills and I really do appreciate their help.
I love you guys you try so hard.
You couldn't have done anything better but to order the stuff and have it sent to the house everything is superb I couldn't ask for better customer service (unclear) that helped us to get everything situated and I thank God for you all and I continue to may God bless the business and each and every one and thank you for everything bye bye.
Everything is fine ma'am I'm happy with I'm happy with y'all I thank y'all very much for being my insurance.
You are an excellent company (unclear) I enjoy dealing with you and I hope you stay in business forever.
Yes Cathy took very good care of me today.
I have no suggestions on improvement Felicia was very polite and helpful and I appreciate the help and the service so everything's good thank you.
It's been difficult for me to get my Tramodyl but overall I certainly appreciate you guys.
I just want to say Crystal was a very good customer service representative and you're lucky to have her on your team.
I'm satisfied with him but I still didn't know what to do but thank you very much anyway.
I really can't tell you one thing it was a very kind gentleman very upstanding extremely patient to an 84 year old woman and we ended with a smile to our faces and I really appreciated his time and his knowledge thank you.
I just wanted to let you know about Rachel G she is very helpful.
My problem was solved and I thank you.
She was great and I appreciate it more than you know.
Those representatives were fantastic they did lots and I really appreciate them and they were saying how good you are to work for and that you really push customer service that it's important and that showed with both of the ladies.
But basically I'm very pleased with the call (unclear) to know and (unclear) I (unclear) she's an excellent employee bye.
The woman Christine was very helpful with UHC and the gentleman from Blue Cross Anthony when they got together they solved my problem and I thank you very much and they were very courteous and they deserve a praise for what they did and I'm really pleased for the extra effort that they both took.
Yes everything was good and the lady I talked with with UHC helped me a lot so I appreciate her helping me with this situation thank you.
this lady done really great whoever she was I.
This was a great experience I talked to a person named Christie she was super I would highly recommend that you people or the people in your organization and I'm told every time I've called I'm kind of new to this company UHC as the first of the year and I have never found any situation where I wasn't extremely happy anyway my name's Don Harris and it's 8165374371 if you'd like to talk to me about anything or (unclear) so have a great one I assume we're finished I'll make certain.
Everything is better you don't need to do a change because the people that have us your staff are so professional very helpful very efficient and kind thank you UHC.
I had an awesome customer service and took care of my problem thank you bye bye.
I enjoyed the conversation and anyway and I'm very satisfied with UHC and I think you guys need to know that you are doing a great job goodnight.
The representative answered my questions very completely and now I know what I need to do and I am really grateful to United Healthcare and Chicago's teachers pension fund for signing us up with United Healthcare.
I really appreciate his help and that I will be able to contact him again if I need questions answered.
I really appreciate his help don't ever let him go he is someone that is very valuable in your company.
Your representative did everything she could to help me and I truly appreciate her.
My name is Donna Roberts and I am a member of UHC and the representative I just spoke with and that handled my issues.
His record needs to be noted with his excellence and his professionalism his respectfulness.
Your representative was very nice OK and I appreciate that.
So I thank Jamey I think her name is that helped me.
She was knowledgeable and I can't say enough about how well she conducted my call and thank you so much.
And I believe that she is telling me the truth and I hope you can resolve this issue in the future.
Yes she was a very nice person and please keep her on the job.
Came back on again I applaud UHC because you are there for us you teach your people the best customer service they are always courteous they're always happy to help so again I applaud whoever teaches your people you are the best in customer service thank you.
Wonderful and Eric in Minnesota was not helpful whatsoever.
So it made it very inconvenient for both myself and for the technician Alex that I was speaking with but she did a fantastic job and I appreciate her very much so thank you so much.
My name is Darlene Tomps and I just talked to Carlos and I want you to know there's an excellent customer service and really there's nothing more.
And I just want to say that you guys have been very good to me and my mom.
I'm very pleased and you can't do anything better.
Couldn't have been better the lady that helped me was extremely knowledgeable extremely kind and if I were in business I (unclear) immediately so thank you very much.
They were obvious experience the gal did a great job for me and I really appreciate it thank you all.
I (unclear) this is (unclear) and I'm so pleased I got such good information and Shandra took care of me she was so kind and so well informed I want you to hug and kiss her for me.
I am so pleased with UHC Amber was great today she answered all my questions and gave me the information I needed plus some I didn't even know that I had the option to do I've recently misplaced my card I've got one enroute but I know I'm just I don't want somebody to try to take advantage of UHC in my name and try to have you know medical services done that are not for me so that was one of my concerns so and I'm gonna print out a card she told me about a website and I'm gonna print out a card and have access to that until I get my next new one and probably not this coming week but the next one I love UHC I tell everybody about y'all and we have totally been so excited and pleased with Scott Seltzer is our representative here in Saint Augustine Florida and he does an awesome awesome job he's such a wonderful young man and I appreciate everybody at UHC thank you.
what did I say confident representative who dealt with my issue immediately and I appreciate the service.
I'm quite satisfied with the results that I got and thank you very much.
you tried to help the best you can and I appreciate it.
I had an excellent person on the other end of the phone and I do appreciate all of your help.
Everything went really well Rachel was a great deal of help very patient and I enjoyed working with her thank you.
everything's been taken care of and we're very happy with the service thank you goodbye now.
They are always courteous and give me the information and I thank you because it's important to us old folks to know we have such a good insurance company.
You have wonderful people that talk your clients and stuff I do appreciate UHC.
And please let him know so people will understand that their kindness is noticed and appreciated and just patient.
My name is Ken Bronnfield and your representative (unclear) took care of all my questions and I'm very happy with y'all as my insurance provider.
So everything went well and I'm very happy and don't really see why you need to change anything.
my question was answered and I appreciate your help.
Very kind and patient and I appreciate that cuz I'm in a lot of pain.
Service was fantastic and I got through to someone right away so thank you so much.
Your people are great the lady I talked to was second to none she's just as nice as can be and went out of her way to help and I've-.
So in other words your agent was perfectly good and great.
So I hope that she gets recognition because she really has made me happy finally that I've got AARP insurance.
Isaiah your representative was just wonderful and I really appreciate his efforts.
Everything was handled wonderfully perfectly professionally by Tyeisha and I appreciate all of your representatives when I do call in.
I got everything I needed and the gentleman was extremely polite and knowledgeable and efficient so you have a great day and give Luis a raise.
It's just I'm just very disappointed in.
No I have to say that Patricia was very very patient with me and very good so overall it was a 10 okay thank you very much and she was a great help to me.
And God bless her and always sun shine on her path bye.
Your medical service representative Ace was very helpful and I give him very high regards and I'm very pleased with your service today.
So I just want you to know that in my talking with everybody at UHC and this last person his name was Kai he was fabulous.
The lady that I talked to was a pleasure and you both should be very proud to have her for an employee.
Well my name's Mary Smith and I am completely satisfied no complaints she had a great personality and I enjoyed speaking with her have a good day.
I just want to thank UHC and everybody that helps me when I call because it was all done right thank you.
I'm very satisfied with the service that I got from your people and I'll give you just keep up the good work thank you.
She did a good job answering my questions and I appreciate that and I will call you if I need you again.
I've spent quite a bit of time learning who to talk to and how to get some satisfaction thank you very much goodbye.
Well I actually wish I would've gotten (unclear) because I was I'm completely satisfied with the help that I received today from UHC (unclear) and she took care of everything for me.
I think you gave me great service.
I ended up talking to your very nice young man who helped me in a very professional manner.
And her name is Nigia and extremely helpful and compassionate and it's just like I like to hear in my United Health representative.
The lady was very knowledgeable and also I just don't really like your program the policy itself which isn't the girls fault.
I am very satisfied with UHC this is our first year with you all and we're I'm really happy with you and your company so I'll hang up now.
I am everybody that I've talked to has been courteous and respectful but I don't know why it takes so long and I'm being put through this misery.
Tina was very helpful and got everything finished for us thank you.
Your people are very helpful courteous kind pleasant I can't say enough good things about your workers.
I feel like the gentlemen that helped me today is very knowledgeable and helpful.
But I just I just feel that whenever I call there I get you know I your service is not that you know that good.
Very nice person and I did appreciate it very much.
I really appreciate what the young lady I spoke with explained to me.
I never talked to her till today and I thank you for having such a dedicated employee who resolved my issues.
Y'all did super and Deborah was my contact there and she is very good and I appreciate you guys.
You guys are perfect and I appreciate so much.
And yeah so I was very happy and that's why I'm taking the survey because he's a great employee for you.
I think the person with whom I spoke was very pleasant but there was a lot of chit chat that I didn't care for and I didn't like the awesome this is awesome this awesome that so it's just a little pet peeve of mine.
You know you're just hoping to get some help in this situation you don't understand and boy Amy responded in the most thoughtful caring way.
I hope you're around for at least as long as I am and I was glad to know that the people who work with United Healthcare treat people like me who call very polite because if everybody else did that the world would be a lot better.
Okay this is coming from your best friend and your big brother from West Virginia and also to everyone in Manilla also to every Philippine Filipina Filipinos also to my favorite beautiful girl from Manilla her name is Tessa also take care of yourself sweetheart and like I said this won't be the last time we'll be speaking so like I told you'll always have a big you'll always have a big brother in me.
Thank that woman that I talked to she's excellent and she needs a good raise honestly-.
He's very understanding and considerate and I wish there were more like him to serve the public.
I got (unclear) disconnected so I called back and this lovely lady helped me get through too so she did a lovely job and I want to thank you for the you those good employees you have there.
I just love them all and this girl was wonderful and the other Angel from the Philippines she was terrific too so thank you so much.
I needed (unclear) but other than that I had a good experience thank you.
I was helped tremendously by 2 different employees who took my call and I appreciate the great help and I just want to say that I certainly will be doing business with you for a long time.
I just wanted to give kudos to Theresa is the contact person the representative that helped me.
That's how nice of a job she did for me.
It goes out to Manilla to Filipinos and also this goes out to my favorite girl her name is Harriet and also her also and one thing about it she is a very bright beautiful gal who loves to talk.
So Miss Harriet you take care of yourself and I am glad we spoke.
I enjoyed the service and got all the information and I thank you.
Anyway I just I really appreciate you all and I don't think you could get any better.
With representatives like Dan I hope all the representatives are so informative and able to explain to me.
This lady I think her name is Lee she helped me so much.
I think that your customer is excellent and as far as recommendations I don't see any at the present time and I want to congratulate everybody for doing a fine job.
Explains everything for this reward rewards deal that you have and she is a great asset to your company.
You guys have tremendous people and tremendous service and I am totally happy with it all.
You guys are so wonderful and I had the pleasure of speaking with Lauren today.
And she is an absolute angel and you take good care of her and don't let her go.
Yes hi this is John Fitzgerald and I spoke with Amber a very unique customer service person that I really felt has my best interests at heart.
Okay this is your best friend from West Virginia and also and your big brother from West Virginia and I just wanted to say to everybody in Manila everybody in the Manila Philippines you take care as well and also this is your best friend from West Virginia say take care every (unclear) Philippines and to everybody in Manila and also to this is my favorite mother Lucille take care of yourself sweet heart and plus take care of your grand daughter darling so be talking to you again real soon.
The gentleman that assisted me was thorough kind helpful and very you know concerned with what my needs were.
I really appreciate all the help I got from Lisa this morning.
(Unclear) was very easy to work with this morning and she's very pleasant to talk to and I appreciate having employees that way on UHC thank you.
Y'all have a blessed day now and bye.
Yes I just want to give credit to the representative that took care of me and her name Tianna.
And she was very good you should be glad you have her.
had a good experience when I call UHC so I'm very pleased.
I just wish you all had more customer service like Michelle thank you.
When I call the customer service representatives are always thoughtful and helpful I just spoke with Thomas about the new shingles vaccine and he was very very helpful and we worked together and we got the answer and I thank you so much I'm grateful for your care bye bye.
Yeah the guy helped me out a lot so y'all's good people though.
I just gonna have you in my prayers and y'all work beautiful together you do and I pray that the good Lord just blesses you more ways than one.
I couldn't hear the other girl's name but I was trying to get back and thank God she was just wonderful and did a very good professional job for me.
a (unclear) time where I can get back the girl that I first talked to but overall I'm very pleased with the service that (unclear) provided.
So I'm going to trust the very nice person I spoke to today.
Her name was Sarah and I just enjoyed her help and she was very helpful thank you.
And I'm very happy with the service that I received so hopefully this will continue in the future thank you.
Answered my question and I appreciate you all having efficient representative and I will and have encouraged others about the line of services that you all give.
that lady was very good and thank her for her for me to because does wonderful.
I appreciate she put me at ease and I feel as though I have learned something new which I always do when I call UHC and I appreciate their courtesy their knowledge ability and I'm very happy with UHC.
You all are very helpful (unclear) and that was very helpful the way all y'all done and I'm very pleased with y'all's company and I don't have no complaints.
He handled (unclear) and he helped me a lot so Johnny I hope you're listening to this because you deserve it.
So I have nothing to say about improvement because I think your doing the best excellent job and I am grateful and very satisfied with speaking with Tameka and speaking with Taylor.
This is Selma Book and I really appreciate the care that they have in there talking and thoughts is wonderful for an old lady that's got all her marbles.
I appreciate you guys helping me out with my problem.
You always do the best for us and I am very very thankful for that.
Irma was the best and is the best service person that I have talked to through United Healthcare.
So she got my money back and I appreciate her so much for all her help and time to take care of this for me.
I was very satisfied with the customer service person thank you that's my summation.
OK this is coming from your from from your big brother in West Virginia and and also your best friend from West Virginia also also this this goes all out to everybody in Manila Philippines Philippina Filipinos and this was my last advocate she's my favorite her my best friend my mother Lucille it goes out to you sweet and sweet darling take care take care take care of your take care of your granddaughter and also take care of yourself and like I said we'll see each other in the near future and I appreciated to be part of your family and thank you.
Well you answered all my questions and UHC has been very cooperative and I am glad to be a member of the UHC.
Well it was hard to (unclear) and make them understand what I wanted but the rep Michael and also Andrew did a very good job and they didn't quite understand what I wanted but I'm thinking they got what I really needed so I'd appreciate both of them because I had a hard time understanding with my hearing and I could understand both of them Michael and Andrew thank you very much for them.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia and also your best friend from West Virginia also this is to everyone in Manila and also to all the Philippines Filipinos and also to the Filipinos and also this is to my best friend Ellen stay strong sweetheart.
This is your big brother looking out for you now and also take care of your daughter and your mother dear and also I'm glad that you're in you're moving forward and also take care of your precious daughter and your mother dear also and I'm glad for you Ellen.
And you guys should be very proud of her and that's about all I can say about that.
I greatly appreciate everything that he has done and he's helped me so much with my mother.
Her name was Sharon also my condolences on your parents so darling just take care of your daughter.
(Unclear) the information I needed to know and I appreciate it very much and have a good day.
She went way beyond what she was even supposed to do and gave me some very good information that I'm going to be able to use (unclear) for my change in PCP's and I appreciate her help and I appreciate United's help and I thank you and one more time I want to say your when you call United you don't have to deal with all so many numbers and pushing this and pushing that and it's a very very positive experience.
So all in all I have always had a good experience when talking to you the people of UHC.
So this goes to my best friend Crystal who loves the music Lady Gaga.
I talked to a lot of people and today's customer service is just none and void it's very (unclear) and it's combative and I just don't understand it but every time I call I get exact answers I'm not put on hold for long periods of time I'm not transferred from person to person and everyone that I' talked to so far are very knowledgeable so I greatly appreciate that because I've been in the customer service business for many years and I pride myself on giving the best customer service so to get it in return I greatly appreciate it.
She really went out of her way to try to assist us and I thank you very much.
Your people that have helped me have always been courteous they're prompt and they know what they're talking about.
The representative from UHC that assisted me did an excellent job and I would recommend this company to any of my friends or relatives and I thank you for having such a marvelous employee.
Very professional and with that I really appreciate and would recommend you guys and her for.
Everybody has been so nice and make me feel like I was important to y'all and I really appreciate it.
She's the most wonderful person that helped me through my problems today really appreciate her.
my last advocate her name is Camille and also take care of my sweetheart.
Well Gari took care of me right away and I'm so glad you have someone like her working for UHC.
You folks have been very helpful and I don't know how you could help me better.
And I really appreciate it what she said and how nice she was to me I have no complaints at all.
Absolutely nothing the lady was perfect all the way around and I really appreciate the effort she put in.
Christine was very helpful and I truly appreciate all her efforts to answer my questions.
You should acknowledge her as doing such a wonderful job your company because I really did appreciate her efforts put forward to help me today.
I have nothing but praise for you people and I would like Gianna to be you know congratulated for her help because if it wasn't for her we didn't wouldn't have gotten an MRI.
This is my first experience with UHC but so far everyone has been lovely and nice.
She was kind and wished us the best of luck and that is so appreciated when you have an ill one in the family.
Everyone is really understandable and knowledgeable and I don't see anything you can do better than this.
I was just trying to find out to see if I had you know (unclear) assistance but I guess you have to wait and talk to the hospice people so I understand.
He took care of the issue and he explained to them exactly what it was and everything has been resolved and thank you so UHC for being part of our life and making you know our medical needs much easier.
Anyway I've been with you a long time and you've taken care of everything for me and all of the sudden all I need is exercises and you can't seem to help me.
your customer service rep was just phenomenal kudos to her and to you for hiring her she's very sweet very respectful extremely helpful willing to go the mile.
It's a very important medication that I needed and I just thank you for being there for me.
Oh I was well satisfied with it and y'all's customer service is one real nice people.
Usually real nice ladies that answered my questions and I appreciate them and I appreciate the company that I'm with.
And Deandre who was the customer service representative showed a lot of compassion a lot of kindness a lot of care.
Although I know it doesn't work that way it rotates but anyway he was a wonderful representative and actually all representatives I've had have been wonderful.
I have been very well satisfied with UHC ever since I was enrolled in this program they have been most helpful courteous kind and they have gone out of their way to help solve any issues questions or problems that I had and I certainly do appreciate having them as my insurance carrier.
I think she is probably you know one of your better employees.
I hope I call back customer service I hope I talk to her again that's all I have to say.
I really appreciate that he was a good person a good military man he serve our country in defense everything.
I thank God that she was the one that received my call today.
I used to absolutely love UHC.
Very satisfied with all the answers and all of the help provided.
Actually I think she did all she could do to help me and I really appreciate it and thank you.
Y'all been great for the past six months and I hope that you all just keep on doing the good work.
I have we have always been extremely satisfied with the service and with the information and appreciate it very much.
Your customer service rep Andrew was wonderful and I thank you.
Every time I've come to you guys you always know the answer and I really appreciate that and you're always very cordial and you make insurance easy because it certainly isn't easy.
Main Rachel and for sure like to be very patient speaking to me and she gave me good advice about medicine and I say thank you and appreciate Rachel for very very good service.
The young lady was very nice and I appreciate all the time and service I get from UHC overall.
I have been pleased with what I've got so thank you.
They're very nice and I appreciate their help but I do have a hearing problem and I have to.
Maria the representative that answered my call she went above and beyond and I am so happy that you have representatives like that you know.
She was one of the greatest customer service people I have spoken to in years and I know there are great people all over.
She's a well phenomenal proactive up and above great great rep and if I had to call United back I wish I could get her every time.
And I'm very happy with the help that I got thank you.
She was lovely and was willing to help me big time so I thank you.
He's very knowledgeable and really happy that he took the time and then he was empathetic to our problems and (unclear) ask for anything more than that.
Excellent I rate her very excellent.
But now it's all been corrected by Jennifer and we're very happy thank you and have a good day.
I'm very thankful I got to talk with her.
I just want to leave a wonderful a good word for your representative.
I've always been very pleased with your service and your customer service representatives.
Couldn't have been nicer to work with and I really appreciate the service I get and I thank you.
Brenda was my representative and she too a great deal of time with a very complicated situation and I just really am so appreciative of the help she gave me.
And I will let her know how helpful you were.
I loved Janet and I loved Miss Decue Cucca they were wonderful very informative they helped me with all my issues they asked great questions and I appreciate UHC great customer service.
I think you did very well just what you did an I appreciate the girl she was very sweet and very nice and she worked hard for me and I appreciate it.
He was the most incredible polite I don't know empathetic person I have ever come across in this company.
I don't know if all of your operations are from Philippines but so far anyone I've encountered have been really polite but Jason just really went the extra mile and I just wanted someone to know that he did an excellent job and I want him to be credited for that.
Very informative and I really think that she has finally solved the problem after going back and forth between your people and (unclear) people and then they send me back to you and then you send me back to (unclear).
Hi yes Mr Rios he made a huge effort to help me out.
She's a fantastic representative and each and every person here that I've spoken to has been wonderful and I would highly recommend this your company and your policy to anyone that I met.
I was helped beautifully and I appreciate you so much.
And I hope the next time I am to pay my bill that I do get her again a lovely person and I think you should know this for the company.
well she also wished me a Happy Birthday which I did not expect.
And communicated with the pharmacy and got it taken care of I just extremely satisfied with her help thank you.
She was such a big huge asset to UHC so please make sure that you put this in her record.
that bill out to me so I appreciated that and I appreciated her very nice.
the (unclear) that she and I had during the call and she wished me a nice Labor Day weekend.
You're a wonderful person and keep it up.
So I'm very frustrated and I appreciate the person that helped me.
There really wasn't anything (Unclear) was a very good person to help me and I appreciate it.
Thank you so much for employing people like him he's very important to customer service and to people like us out in the community who don't know who we're talking to.
I'm very happy I'm thrilled 'cause I the lady was nice and I got my gift card.
I want to appreciate the lady that handled this call and give her the highest marks possible.
He was the most awesome person that ever helped me with UHC and continue the good work.
this goes out to my last advocate her name is Marie to my little sister from Manilla.
Thank you very much and he did what I asked him to do make a payment and took care of everything so everything looks good.
I spoke with Dianne in the Philippines and she was very helpful and I thank you.
She did very professionally I was totally satisfied so I encourage you to continue the good work of serving us.
And I just wanted to give him a thumbs up for being so nice and thank y'all.
She is a good representative for your company and I appreciated talking to her and it makes me happy about my insurance.
And just I really appreciate the gentlemen John that took care of me and answered all my questions.
So everything is good and I appreciate all their help that they gave me today and other times.
So I hope you can give this feedback to Elliott and check my other messages and get them back to those people that helped me too.
Yes I appreciate the service the customer service listened to me about my problem and I appreciate that someone to take time out and looking forward to explaining that to my primary care doctor.
It was a wonderful experience and you don't have to do anything better.
I a UHC representatives go above and beyond any questions I may have and I am so grateful and appreciative.
And she needs to be training all of your other representatives because she is just fantastic.
I hope that it (unclear) more people like (unclear) in your staff to answer in the way she answered very slowly and very patiently.
The representative that I talked to was excellent and I didn't write her name down but I'm telling you I commend her very much.
I just can't tell you how wonderful she was.
You were excellent help for me today and in the past you have been excellent in helping me with my questions.
And I want you to know that she was very good.
Actually all my issues were handled by this very knowledgeable pleasant woman so I'm.
really great and I just love dealing with UHC.
You don't know what the problem is but again everyone has been very courteous kind and has tried to help me.
She never returned my call Stephanie will definitely return my call today and I appreciate her help thank you.
Everything was perfect I wanna thank Louise he's such a professional person and answered all my questions and I'm so happy.
they were excellent as all of the agents have been and I appreciated their patience and their friendliness very good job thank you.
She's very good customer service and I thank her for helping me on everything that I needed for today as May the 23rd.
Yeah I just appreciate the person that I just finished talking with.
Well I know this isn't a problem but my name is Kathy Carroll and your employee kept referring me as Carol.
'Cause she already good at customer service Michelle is good at customer service she gave me quality customer service.
And she good at her (unclear) and y'all better hold onto a good worker like Michelle everybody here wants Michelle Fuller (unclear).
Proud of you Michelle Fuller keep that beautiful smile and that beautiful spirit you know your stuff.
So it would be helpful to have a list of doctors' in Kady I would appreciate it and thank you so much.
Just to let you know Missy is a great customer representative.
I could've been treated with respect and like I wasn't crazy.
She answered all my questions and I think you guys do a great job there and I appreciate when I call that you answer all my questions and I think United Healthcare is an awesome insurance and I would recommend it to my family and friends.
That's all I can say and I've been with you for 9 years and I will refer you.
You took care of everything I asked for and gave me a wonderful person and customer service who was.
So I just wanted to let you know how great he is.
The reps that I have talked to in the past are so sweet so kind and they're helpful as well.
And you have a great company and great employees the ones that I've talked to anyway.
That's the only thing that I could really recommend for you know improvement but I it was he was very helpful and I think I'll be using you guys for our prescriptions.
Wished me a happy birthday and everything and they explained to me word for word and I appreciate their service and I appreciate that they how they responded to me and I appreciate everything so I can understand step by step about my medical card and about my medical medicine card.
The grade I would give her (unclear) A+ and once again I thank you for your assistance.
I enjoy the clinic and I think I will be there for a long time.
I think the young man who took care of me Dale was very patient very kind.
Thank you so much it's been a nice experience and I've been on the telephone for the last 45 minutes with here too.
No I am very satisfied with (unclear) and we love our insurance and everybody's very nice when we call.
So I just want to say a quick work Neil is the best.
Hello my name is Olga (unclear) and I was very happy with the service of the person that helped me today and I really don't think it needs to do anything to improve.
I can't tell you how appreciative I am.
You do a lot for me and I hope you know that everybody is satisfied with me because I do like my insurance and they're very helpful if I have any kind of questions they always answer it to me.
So she did a wonderful job and I really appreciate her help and as well as the other people that have helped me in the past.
You guys have all been wonderful and great and I really appreciate it.
I think that he is a very sincere and knowledgeable employee of yours and I think you aught to treat him well.
Yeah I had a very nice lady talking to me.
Sam he was my person that I talked to and he helped me take care of what I called for and he was extremely kind to me and he talked very professional and I thank you folks.
I am sorry I switched to AARP except for Fanessa who helped me through everything.
To everyone from Manilla and to everyone from the Philippines Filipinas and Filipinos and also take care of yourselves and also this goes out to my best friend Tony and also to my.
This is (unclear) from your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia to everyone in Manilla and also to every Filipina Filipino Philippines you take care of yourself and this goes out to my best friend her name is Ella and also take care sweetheart.
take care of my (unclear) and the person I talked to did a fine job of taking care of me.
My name is (unclear) and I'm calling to let you know that there's nothing you need to change you got the greatest and the best representatives that I've ever seen in insurance and I thank you very much give them a raise they need one 'cause they're very inclined into this insurance and I thank you very much for the bottom of my heart for all the help you guys have been there for me.
Like I said I'm happy for you Rain.
He's an asset to your company and I was really very pleased with the service I got from Medicare from Paul and I wish all of them would be like that too.
He really is terrific and I wish him all the luck.
But he surely should be recommended for something because he was wonderful and thank you for having him on your staff.
My name's Carol Novak and I'm a member of (unclear) and I had the pleasure to deal with Jonathan today who was one of your representatives who took my payment over the phone and he truly is an asset to your corporation.
So if there was a way you could recognize him for his excellent customer service I would appreciate it because that's the kind of thing that keeps me as wanting to be an (unclear) member and also recommend you to my former colleagues and other people.
Not very many people are knowledgeable enough to do that and I appreciate you all having someone like that.
I don't know of anything you could have done better Sharon Jay was so kind and nice to me and I can't thank her enough and she's a great great asset to this company today and I just thank the lord I was able to get her today she was so kind and nice to me.
Everything went okay I'm glad I have someone that was patient with me and understand me because I don't English very good.
Service was excellent throughout my membership with people with you guys thank you.
I was very happy with the service I've been very happy with the service my son receives from this company thank you very much.
I am very satisfied with Miss Tina she did everything within her power to help me thank you and God bless.
You have a good worker good partner working there here at your establishment and I really appreciate it.
This (unclear) people have been wonderful and today was extra special (unclear) helped me.
You have a very courteous customer service individual that I talked with today.
Actually I spoke to a young man named Michael I hope you know his last name.
Everybody there has been great with me so my little (unclear) transition y'all are making it better for me.
She did good and I thank her for it.
I want to give a thank you personally to Selma who was the agent who helped me she went far beyond and above what is required of her and she really put her heart into trying to help me and I very much appreciate it and I'd like to see you give her a raise.
I am very satisfied I'm very (unclear) for the service I received from UHC customer service I would recommend them to anybody and everybody 'cause they are just wonderful people thank you bye.
it was a very rewarding experience (unclear) talking with my customer service representative and I really appreciate it.
The representative was excellent in every way she researched all my questions gave me answers extra information and on top of that it was very kind and empathetic to be about my situation it was just wonderful and the staff you have is just amazing so if you could just keep on hiring good people like that it really helps people like me.
I think I'm very satisfied with my call thank you.
Now I'm getting reinstated so but otherwise I've been taken care of really good and thank you.
the customer service young lady she handled my case perfectly and I thanked her for it and thank you.
Multiple questions answered and I just feel like United Healthcare is doing very well by us.
Thank you and it makes me feel good to call and get that kind of I don't know that was.
You couldn't have done any better Sandy was my representative and she was most cordial and helped me in every way she's a very nice lady and she's an asset to your company thank you very much.
I had excellent service thank you.
Was as courteous and nice gave me the information I appreciate it and honestly it is a pleasure to talk with a person with UHC.
I'm very satisfied with how I was taken care of and I appreciate it very much.
Well I talked to a representative named Melissa I don't know her last name she was definitely an asset to UHC I strongly suggest that you promote her train her and keep her she's an asset to UHC thank you.
But once again (Unclear) was wonderful she was just so wonderful and I hope that you'll find a way to reward her in a very special way.
he knows his people skills and I think he should get a fantastic recommendation and a little certificate as well and a little pay increase because he's really helpful and knowledgeable.
She did all the right things and I appreciate it very much.
She took care of everything that I needed taken care of and she did an excellent job and thank you y'all so much for the service.
Nothing could be better than today's talking with this lady who helped me Kelsey (unclear) that's really the best ever customer service representative that helped me.
But this day is a real blessing to me and with that I tell you everything (unclear) the best.
I don't know any more than (unclear) I guess he lives in Dallas or something but I was very satisfied with the service the friendliness the personality that I had with Max.
The gentleman that helped me out he was very wonderful he helped me in many ways and I thank him for (unclear) me to my prescription he did a wonderful job.
Hello everything's wonderful Luna is the representative that helped me and she gave me all my options because I lost my invoice on sending this in by mail and she was very very helpful because I have no improvements on this thank you very much.
I think your lady was very helpful and y'all got a great little system here and I look forward and working with y'all in the future and I appreciate y'alls help and I look forward to keeping y'all for a very long time.
She should be commended highly.
it was a good phone call and I don't think you could improve much.
I really love to be part of your company because I always be treated with respect and I don't think you need to do anything more than what you're doing now.
She did fabulous today so kudos to Sarah from Idaho and I hope she gets a raise.
That's all your representative here in the United States was very informative and I had a very positive conversation with that person.
Y'all better hold on to a good worker like Mary because Mary gave me quality customer service and Mary deserves a raise.
She deserves all of the credit anybody can give her and yes.
very good and I really like talking to you.
Like I said Renee like I said take care of your beautiful children as well also and yourself.
Also like I said prayer goes a long way and also like I said take care of yourself and your children and thank you for allowing me to be part of your health plan.
Hi I just spoke with Lauren about my high option dental with Secure Horizons or UHC and she was wonderful and please put this in her file.
Anyhow she was a blessing to me and she's a major asset to you so you all are at.
and you could tell like when he talks (unclear) he was like you know caring and you know interested in what you had to say.
They very well good for me today.
she'll always be my little baby sister and she will and like I said I'll always.
Very nice lady that helped me out with my problem so thank you very much.
I had excellent service it's my first year with UHC Ms Daly and both times I had excellent care and I'm also a retired nurse of 40 years so I know when they're good medical help and you folks did it and I thank you.
Okay this is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and your big and your best friend from West Virginia to everyone from Manilla and also to all the Philippinas Philiippinos Philippines and also to my little sister her name is Erica.
You take care of yourself sweet heart and like I said raise your five year old son the best way you know how and take care of your family and your siblings also and yourself as well and God bless you too Erica.
Y'all have been real nice real polite and everything like that and I appreciate it and I've gotta go 'cause I'm throwing up blood.
Her name is Rose Marie and like I said take care my sweetheart my little my favorite little sister and also you'll have more years with your big brother.
Sweet heart that was the sweetest little girl I ever talked to in my life I think I was very very very happy with her thank you.
Like I said I am glad to be apart of your family.
Also I am glad to be your big brother from West Virginia and I'll always look out for you.
And I just want to applaud them for all the information the kindness the courteousness the patience that they have and taking the time to look up whatever it is that a person like myself the information needs and I appreciate it and thank you very much.
At this time have absolutely no complaints with it and just wanted to say thank you yet again and have a good day and evening.
Yes I'm proud of you Angela.
Keep that bountiful personality Angela and keep that beautiful smile and keep that beautiful attitude and I want y'all to award Angela with a raise.
The young woman who I spoke with is terrific in every way and thank you now I have to explain I'm 95 years old always pushing buttons is for the birds as far as I'm concerned but the relationship with your people is excellent and thank you.
They always very courteous and sweetly and they help me with problem that I need you know.
Outstanding young lady and you should be proud to have her representing UHC.
But (unclear) is that Susie did a great job listening to my complaints and I appreciate her for that but she's a great lady and you should be proud to have her there.
And my representative was the best so thank you.
She is very efficient and I do appreciate her and I appreciate you hiring people like that.
was a super star and I have no complaints thank you.
Very nice customer service rep on the phone appreciate it all thank you.
This goes to everyone in Manila and to everyone in the Philippines and this goes to my little sister her name is Gladys.
Everyone's friendly and they work hard to answer your questions and do their job and I think it's great.
There's nothing that y'all could've done better and I really do appreciate the patience and the information given to me by the customer service person.
Very pleasant young man and took care of all my needs.
The young man I talked to was so extremely helpful and I appreciate all of his input thank you so much.
They were excellent in helping me with my problem thank you.
So you know this is a good company and I'm glad to be part of it when I can thank you.
But I don't mind waiting and I want you all to have a gorgeous weekend thank you.
Very satisfied with your help very satisfied with UHC and Crystal the representative I talked to was very helpful and very I appreciate it very much and thank you.
All my concerns were taken care of and I think you're doing a great job and thank you so much.
The service was good and I really don't see a need to change anything but I appreciate you asking.
So I'm very pleased and I would recommend this service to anyone.
So I would just like to say that Rhianna was fantastic very helpful and I just want to thank her again.
I was happy to talk to the service rep and UHC today and I appreciate the help.
My experience was wonderful I can't ask for a better experience your team is excellent thank you and have a blessed day.
I have no complaints I had excellent service Ron was very helpful and I appreciate all that he did for me.
She went beyond and I really appreciate her kindness.
It was absolutely perfect and I enjoy doing business with you so much because your business is absolutely right on track.
Your people seem to be knowledgeable and take care of whatever the situation is so I don't have any thank you.
or Cheryl was absolutely wonderful she's very helpful answered all my questions her manners are wonderful and being a fellow Southerner she just had that extra dose you know Southern manners so you know y'all need more like her.
Please if you can change that I would love it because she was the sweetest girl on Earth and she gave me so much information and positive I'm doing it all right.
But I find not her alone but all of your representatives talk fast and they don't realize that it takes seniors longer to process what you're saying thank you.
Well everything was extremely satisfying and I'm very happy with you people and with the way things have been going.
I'm very pleased with the gentleman I spoke with and I understand your billing better now.
Totally satisfied with the high level of proficiency professionalism that I got from his name was Antoine thank you again for your help.
I give her high marks in customer service and in graciousness and respect.
Yes this (unclear) talking to you and the person named (unclear) she is so wonderful.
Like I've said every time I've taken the survey you have very amazing staff and I am very lucky to be going with UHC Medicare and I can't thank you enough and your staff for being so thorough professional and very good natured.
You have had one of the nicest most intelligent human beings I've done business with who was out of my country and I am honored to have had the opportunity to speak with him and tell him how wonderful a job he did.
William was great he's a credit to your company it's a pleasure working with him.
I've always had wonderful service from them and wonderful information.
And that's why I gave Tiffany I'll tell you who your service was she was so good explaining things to us both.
And she I want her to have a blessed day.
I am also very happy with the help from the people today I spoke with Elisa I liked her a lot and days before I spoke with Odalys and I also liked her a lot.
She represented your company very well.
So she really deserves a 10 and everyone that I've called there has been so nice to me.
I do appreciate the people being very nice to me but still it hasn't been solved.
The other one didn't and anyway it's kind of been dragged out but I thank that girl today for her help.
Okay well god bless you and have a wonderful day and I'm not upset or nothing.
So I wanna give kudos to Renae for patience and professionalism in taking the time to find out what was wrong.
So I wanna make sure she gets high marks thank you.
But as I say each time your representatives are very helpful and Elaine did above and beyond trying to check that out for me today.
I am just so pleased to be under UHC 'cause your so helpful I'll do commercials for you.
I think my the person who talked to me is wonderful in every way.
She know's how to respond to the person who needs her help I really appreciate you UHC for all the help that you help me bring.
In regards to the employee but she is wonderful that you very much bye.
I mean the satisfaction that I received from this man and the confidence that I feel now in the health system I wouldn't have to take to recommend this to God.
I mean he is fantastic gentleman and I really appreciated all the help and the assistance that he gave me.
The assistant that helped me out was very knowledgeable and in my opinion you can't do anything better than what you did for me today.
I appreciate everything that was done for me.
And I trust your company and love it and I wouldn't have any other and (unclear) did an excellent job.
You're absolutely wonderful and we love you.
I appreciate you know that you told me what to do.
I it's if the lady takes care of my the problem I have I'd be more than happy to say she did a wonderful job.
I'm satisfied with (unclear) my help Jane gave me and I appreciate it all very much.
I'm very pleased with all the service I received and there's nothing more that you guys could've done.
I truly happy with all the information that I got from (unclear) so that's all I can say.
Just wanna let you know Andy provided me with good customer service and I just want to make sure he gets commended for it.
To he was real kind and he helped me very he did very good so give him a raise.
Well I'm very pleased I'm always pleased with UHC I've always recommended your company to my friend.
My representative Ace was excellent very excellent and I don't think you could find anyone any better than him that has really helped me.
And I hope yeah you gonna have a lot of customer service like her and very polite.
The guy was still real good and I thank the employee and thank y'all for it.
So thanks to UHC and that young woman whoever she was and that's all.
At this point everything is fine with me and I do appreciate your help.
I've been a United Health Care customer for several years and I've always had good service so really I mean I don't.
You're always so courteous and you really have me convinced that you're after my to make sure I need to be 110 but I can't thank you enough.
I enjoyed it working y'all working with us.
I am so thankful that I have this insurance company to take care of my wife and I and help us with our medical needs.
We appreciate having Medicare with you all because you've been a great help to both my husband and I.
It's always very nice to speak to people at UHC.
I'm a very satisfied customer and I have been with UHC I have been satisfied for a long time really appreciate this insurance company.
The nice lady that took care of my call was very courteous and respectful and she knew what she was talking about and she did she took care of my issue in a timely fashion and I'm very thankful to have this insurance and thank you so much for being there when I need you to thank you very much bye.
You all have been very professional courtesy and I like that.
She was wonderful so have a good day bye bye.
I would really appreciate if representative Kim gets awarded for the kind of service that was given to me and was so grateful and even the (unclear) was saying to me that was excellent.
But I'm just thankful and I'm happy that I had a good time today.
Tiffany was wonderful and I just hope that I can get this resolved.
I was completely satisfied with the young lady that spoke with me Anne and I'm going to pursue what she asked me to do to help myself there and I thank you and good service as usual.
was real good at giving me some information that I needed and she was a great help and I was very satisfied and I thank you all for your service.
I think this girl that I talked to Carla was just fantastic and when you're a senior citizen like that it is just nice to have people show their respect that you know is necessary and the understanding and patience.
UHC has been wonderful to me.
Like I said it's great to have a little sister like you.
I appreciate all that you've done for me today and any day that I would of called.
We've always been extremely pleased with UHC and all the reps we've talked with.
So I was very very well pleased and made the transition for me switching over to you guys a very joyous one.
I'm very satisfied with the job you're doing and you help me.
Your representative was bright and on the ball thank you.
She's done all she can do or she's doing all she can do and I thank you for your good service at UHC.
She has great communication skills and you folks need to hang onto her and treat her right.
But you know I'm very satisfied.
I do appreciate all you've done and I do hope those cards get to me soon.
Took a little bit of time but not excessively long and I very much appreciate your help.
There wasn't anything you could've done but the representatives are always very courteous and they're always very helpful and they always want to make sure that they've done everything they can for me and I really appreciate it.
I had Laura on the phone and she was fantastic and made me feel much better so thank you very much Mary Ann (unclear).
The man that helped me out Richard was very nice took care of my problem and I want to thank you so very much.
Today was service was excellent and I sure appreciate it.
And so I really was unhappy about that but I understand that you know unfortunately we have to pay it but I'm not happy.
You need more people like her to do the job that you are doing 'cause it's difficult always dealing with the public but Sally was cool calm and collected and did an excellent job.
You folks are very helpful all the time when I call and everybody is very nice and pleasant on the phone and like.
And I'm so happy that you people are helping me.
She was perfect and I enjoy talking to all your representative's.
He realizes how important it is to do great service and make you feel comfortable.
That was clarified for me today by your very helpful advisor.
we came down to the point and she was ready to help me out and I'm very satisfied and I hope that they continue being as helpful and courteous and just wonderful people working for the government and I know that they're good American (unclear).
I think everything was fine and I appreciate what the lady helped me out with and she was a wonderful lady and I'd like to thank her for her service.
If you could do something about that I'd be appreciative and do have a blessed day.
I have nothing but praise for the people that answered my call today.
She did everything and I appreciate all her kindness and her help.
Absolutely everything's went great thank y'all so much and keep up the good work.
This person here is what makes you guys great 'cause this person represents who you are and their the best and I really meanly sincere that this person bent over backwards.
I guarantee you and if you don't know about this person yet well you're learning about them from me and it's fantastic person.
Your service rep Debbie was super and she solved my whole problem and thank you so much.
Your customer representatives are the most caring thoughtful group of people that I've ever dealt with.
That's what I'm talking about proud of you Ms Barbara keep up the good work make sure you hold onto a good worker like Ms Barbara 'cause you don't come across a good worker like her and y'all recognize her with a raise with the best not the less.
Proud of you Ms Barbara keep that beautiful spirit and that beautiful smile and everybody just don't got it like you do you know your stuff.
And were very impressed with you and the person that connected us to Felix also it was very sweet.
Her replies and that and I was very satisfied with Richard today and Trina from yesterday and I can say they went really above and beyond the call so thank you and you have two good people working for you there and don't get rid of them.
That to me would be a great reassurance and a security and an improvement but otherwise I have no complaints and (unclear) I felt was very helpful as most of the representatives I fine are so thank you.
Your representative explained it perfectly and very nice fellow.
I wouldn't like her anymore because her courtesy and responsibility and her professionalism is very big.
She was wonderful and I hope you give her some credit because I really do appreciate the call.
you guys were absolutely helpful in every way.
I have my time is pretty valuable to me and I'm sure yours is too.
You were completely professional and I'd recommend you to everyone.
All your customer care representatives are very good and I'm very satisfied and I am glad to get (unclear) am very grateful.
It was a little confusing but I know there's a lot of people you're taking care of and I understand that so I want to thank you for your help and your time.
They were very helpful and I didn't have to wait on hold for a long time so thank you.
UHC has been excellent helping me and supporting me with my needs.
I think you guys did great taking the time to take care of my situation.
I appreciate what the service representative I was speaking to I'm satisfied I have no complaints.
Alright you have a very good staff there thank you.
Absolutely nothing the service representative was fantastic and I'm very happy with my health care program.
Hi the young lady that spoke with me did an excellent job and she had such good patience with me.
I want to let you know that Sanya with a J was very helpful and I wish that people worked as hard as she did for me.
I just I'm very grateful for her hard work and what she did for me.
You could've done nothing else but you were very nice and kind and helped me take care of the situation.
Well I think the gals took care of me very well.
She is wonderful to help me in every aspect and I just thank y'all for being so professional in helping us people that we need help.
She figured it out and she was really awesome and I appreciate your insurance very much.
I can't think of anything actually because once again I had the opportunity to talk to someone who was absolutely wonderful and it's true UHC does have the best customer service and thank you for that.
Also take care of yourself as well and I'll never forget you so this is coming from your big brother you take care of yourself my beautiful Day.
I love UHC and I've had them before and I'm just very happy with your service.
tried to do her very best of what she did and I'd just like to thank all of you.
This time the person who answered was Ozzie and Ozzie was very nice too and was very helpful and so now I'm giving another survey and I can tell you that I already spoke to 2 very impressive representative's and I'm very happy with you.
It's good to hear from her and also I'm glad to be part of your family and take care my sweetheart and then also take care of yourself the best way you know how and like I said I'm glad to be part of your family.
And I just wanted to let you know how much I appreciated his help and how much he went out of his way to help me.
Saying to everyone in Menila to every Phillippina Philippines Philippineos and also to my last advocate her name is Mary.
Johnny was wonderful (unclear) he provided me with lots of different information from different avenues and I appreciate all your help.
Crystal who helped me was outstanding and I think she is an invaluable asset to your company.
It made it really difficult I appreciate that they're working and I appreciate that they're probably a citizen.
They've got a job and they're helping people thank you goodbye.
She did a very good job and I have no complaints with you people the prescription coverage's are good and I'm very happy.
The young lady I spoke with handled everything very professionally very quickly and really truly does seem to have compassion well I'm sure she does anyway compassion for patients and I appreciate you having an insurance company handle it that way.
So I just want to say how great she was.
they were just wonderful and I appreciate every one of you.
I really enjoyed talking with Nathan and he's a wonderful guy and good representative.
I really enjoyed our interaction and I'm very happy UHC.
Oh you've always done fine and I appreciate your service.
I don't know how you could have helped me anymore.
I spoke with your representative Khalif and he was more than willing to help me resolve my issue.
He was very very nice very helpful to me and I'm hoping that he will call me back with a resolution to this issue.
I didn't have to wait on the line for a representative and she was very helpful and I have been very pleased with my experience this morning and I thank you very much.
I had a wonderful experience with this one lady she was very knowledgeable kind to me and respectful and I don't know what else to say.
Courteous nice people and they speak English first.
I just wish my situation was obvious to the (unclear) who helped me very well.
George assisted me very well explained the program and the policy and I just have to accept what your programs are so thank you very much.
Anita just did a wonderful job and I thank her so much for every way that she helped me.
Talked with the young lady and I can't say her name but her name is spelled Tadia and she was very helpful and I thank you very much.
Hi this is Marry (unclear) and I just spoke to one your representative's Shawna and she helped me so much in every question that I had.
(unclear) it was great fabulous service and I'm so thankful.
I got exceptional service from Juanita and I appreciate her professionalism and her willingness to go above and beyond.
But I think it was just an honest mistake but anyway thank you for being so helpful.
Both the gal in Kentucky and the gal in California so thank you very much.
Mary was extremely helpful and took care and I would highly recommend AARP insurance as well as AARP RX.
Yeah I realize after she is a very nice person in trying to understand me and explain to me very clearly and I really appreciate.
I love calling and the people are always great.
So I really highly commend Kelli and all the people that I've been dealing with for the last few months of you know calling needing referrals needing information about my surgery.
Actually nothing and I just like to commend Tina she was the agent who helped me.
And I spoke with a very nice person who gave me the address I can write to to compliment Juanita on her excellent attitude and service.
But the lady I had today was excellent and I thank her for her service.
'Cause she was so nice that I just loved to talk to her and I thank God for her and she got to be a (unclear) that God sent her to me 'cause I didn't know what to do.
I mean he's very patient and spent a lot of time with me.
When I do call everybody is so kind and listens and I am very happy with United Healthcare.
Yes this is Gayle Meyer calling and I'd like to compliment Miss Catalina the representative that diligently helped me with my situation and she seems to put an extra foot forward in helping her clientele and if she doesn't have the answer she'll get it and it would be nice if you could compliment her in some way.
I had a very knowledgeable person that I spoke to and I commend UHC for providing this service.
Alright first of all Id just like to say that any time that I have called UHC all of the representatives are very kind and respectful and informative and if they.
get the job done and I appreciated it and I hope that all your other customers feel the same way.
It's been 10's all the way around and the lady that I spoke to before and I didn't get a chance to record did an incredible job and I hope you can find in the records and pass that on and thank you very much.
That's just (unclear) and the girl that helped me was very helpful thank you.
And in both cases I'm very pleased and the phone call was initiated on your end and I appreciate your calling to ask.
I'm very pleased with the service and very pleased that you initiated the phone call to make sure my status has not changed which it hasn't and so that's it.
He has reassured me that the steps that I need to take going forward will help my claims be processed and just to let you know that he did a superb job with a person that suffers from mental health to keep me calm.
He was just a very thorough agent and I believe that the recognition goes to Jessie today.
She's a very good rep so I would like for her to have a great day.
And I think when you don't feel well that's very important okay.
This is your favorite big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia and this goes out to everybody in Manila everybody in the Philippines pilippineos and also to my last advocate.
Her name is my little sister Rosemary take care of your self my darling and also I'm glad to part of your family and also I can say take care sweetheart.
You're a pleasure to talk with and that's what I like to let you know.
Very kind very nice and very patient so my name is Maria Fernandez and I just wanted to make sure and let you know that.
Today Trina she was adorable I mean and United Health will continue to prosper as you long have nice associates beautiful associates as Trina.
And 'cause sometimes when you are older than 21 people tend to talk down to you and this agent was very caring and knowledgeable.
I think it's wonderful that you care for us.
I really appreciated all the help she gave me.
But you need to do something about that because I know I've talked to you before.
This is to your best friend from West Virginia and your big brother from West Virginia and to everyone in Manila to all the Philippines so this goes out to my advocate.
The only reason I did call this evening was to say thank you for all the help in response that you gave to my problem because I have not been able to eat proper in over a year and you guys came through with the dentist and with getting me new dentures.
So just I appreciated everything that happened today and I hope that the gentleman who helped me also will get recommended recognition for helping me.
I was pleased with the service I received and the explanation concerning my mother's health insurance and everything and I do appreciate y'all taking care of everything.
All your people need to be commended and I am very very pleased with UHC representatives.
Well first of all I'd like to compliment Samantha my representative.
As far as I'm concerned he was great and you don't have to.
She's got a real sweet personality and just no problem at all getting my payments made so you've got a real fine employee there and she's a very good keeper so keep her okay.
My name's (Unclear) and I just wanted to tell you how wonderful your lady was that I talked to this morning.
I can't tell you how much I appreciated my rep Tina.
different ones I've called I've been well pleased and I'm thankful to have that insurance.
was able to locate the bill in question I had from date of service and I thank you very much.
That girl is so helpful and I couldn't believe it really you know it's good that you got such good people working for you.
Just give Lucinda in Greensboro North Carolina a shout out for being very nice and helpful and efficient thank you very much bye bye.
I've always been helped perfectly well with UHC thank you.
You did everything the way I wanted you to so I appreciate your help.
I've had great experiences with the support and I really can't offer any suggestions for improvement thank you.
it's really great and it very helps us.
Me and my wife are both taking it thank you.
The lady that helped me was wonderful it was a good experience thank you.
My question was answered promptly with the help of another department and I couldn't be more pleased thank you for your service.
Her name is Jessica by the way and she did a fantastic job for me thank you.
I can't think of a thing Geraldine was very nice and very efficient and I appreciate her being patient with me.
The young man that helped me he went beyond his duty he did excellent (unclear) if all of your people was like that you'd probably have less calls.
a representative that helped me did a good job and as always UHC is always courteous and professional.
Everything was great and I appreciate the way that I always get a hold of a representative and thank you very much.
Actually your representative Kim was excellent so I don't know what you could've done better she is just very helpful very friendly and just a person that I would like to talk to any time I need some help because she goes out of her way.
Your service is just outstanding and the people at your pharmacy are so friendly and helpful and always give me the information that I need instantly and quickly.
Everybody is very friendly very helpful as you guys continue to do keep up the great work that you're doing.
Everybody is just so friendly and very helpful and willing to help and very patient I thank God for that (unclear) you guys can continue to keep up the great customer service.
Because you guys are so (unclear) and respect towards your members and we appreciate that so much.
Emily was my person that I spoke to she was excellent I appreciate the service she needs to be recommended thank you very much.
The gentleman that helped me was very polite very helpful and I have nothing but good to say about the person that helped me so I am satisfied overall thank you.
Ladecia and she was excellent and I don't know what you could've done to help me better.
I always get good service thank you.
the woman who I spoke with was absolutely wonderful and very helpful give her a raise thank you bye bye.
Just a little long wait but other than that everybody was very helpful and everybody was very efficient and I appreciate everything they did for me thank you.
She did wonderfully well thank you for agents like Christina she was a delight and a joy and she knew her stuff.
I'm a very happy customer and I recommend you all the time thank you.
You had a nice person to talk to and I'm fine with today's call.
But other than that I've been with the company for over 8 years and I can say United Healthcare is wonderful and I thank you for your services and you have a pleasant day.
Everything went well Lashaydra was extremely helpful and took the time she needed to contact the other company so I really appreciate all of your time your effort and she was delightful to speak to thank you so much.
Really nothing else 'cause she was just wonderful and I'm glad I got her and so (unclear) happy about (unclear).
(Unclear) who I spoke with in the pharmaceutical department was very efficient and I thank you for all the care that UHC has given me through the years.
You couldn't do anything better because I'm very satisfied okay I'm very happy with the help that I got and always like that thank you so much.
We're pleased with all the services that we have received everything was handled perfectly within in a time zone and so we're very happy with the service and we thank you.
I was so impressed with the good service you all do I don't know no way you could be any better and kind and nice than they were to me and I can't thank Laura and Sarah Sandra and them for talking to me and helping me and I just think you all are the best and I just I'm very happy and pleased with AARP Medicare Complete UHC.
As a matter of fact I'm very pleased with the service I got today and you couldn't have done anything better for me.
I mean great (unclear) outstanding customer service skills and I truly appreciate all that she's done for me today.
representative did an excellent job with helping me and so all I can say she did wonderful.
(unclear) service company for a long time and I hope that my customer service rep would've have been as good as him and he did a wonderful job.
The lady was very helpful in answering all my questions and thank you anyways.
Y'all have some very sweet people and I want to thank you.
He was the most helpful person I've spoken so far with your company.
Elizabeth took care of everything that we needed as of today and she was very helpful and we appreciate everything she did thank you very much.
But I had wonderful response with Denise she was so good I've just highly highly recommend her and just so good at her job.
You did everything well I really appreciated my assistance your assistance in helping me with my prescription information.
And I believe they know what they're saying when they talk to you so and very clearly and give you the right information that you need.
All I want to say you have an excellent personnel servant.
I really appreciate (unclear) the people (unclear) excellent and very nice.
I appreciate everything you did for me and Evon was a very helpful gal on the phone.
I'm very satisfied with any call that I make to AARP and I always get very very good results and there isn't anything right now that I could mention to do better thank you very much.
I would just like to say that the girl who I've just been chatting with and who's been helping me her name is April and she is the nicest I don't usually call you with problems but she is the best person that I have encountered on your system so thank you for that.
The representative that I had the young man was very helpful and I appreciate you all taking the time to explain things to me.
Hello my name is Janet and I just had a very nice conversation with Irene and she helped me take my.
She did very well she was very patient with us and I appreciate all of her help and I guess that's it okay thank you very much.
Joel seemed very nice and that's your person I spoke and for once (unclear) phone calls were ever so helpful and very lovely people and I hope they keep it up and they take good care of themselves.
Actually you are very helpful in the information you gave me.
As always y'all did great.
She really should be highly recommended and she should get at least get really a thank you or something.
No the customer service representative was very grateful graceful and compassionate and she created an atmosphere which is conducive to positive communication I appreciate that and I thanked her for her service thank you bye bye.
At this time I have no recommendations to pass on and I appreciate you taking the time to help me today.
I've been with you guys for quite a while and I've been completely happy with your service so here I am running around at the mouth so thanks.
And I just wanna thank you that I have never had a bad consultant to talk to.
Nothing everything was perfect you have outstanding customer service people that represent your company very well and I appreciate them making this process so easy.
So I give all credibility to the representative who took my call you know regarding my mother you know since I am POA on for my mother and everything and I think she was very excellent and I very thankful to United Health (unclear) the representatives that work to stand behind United Health Healthcare.
Your representative was very good always satisfied with them but your- sucks.
She was very informative and she was a good listener and that's all we need when we get old like me when we lose half our brain.
And I'm really sad I have to go for now but anyhow I thank you's very much.
I really appreciate you know what she did for me and she helped me out a lot.
They were all you know talked to you real nice and I enjoyed talking to them and if they keep up that I'm sure a lot of people will be more happy you know.
Y'all have done wonderful with me ever since I've been on UHC.
You folks are always good and helpful and courteous to me and I really appreciate the help that you give me.
I'm so happy because the person the one she was perfect I mean she was real nice person and I understand and she understand all my questions I was asking her and thank you so much because those the people we need and they are the same thank you so much.
I spoke with Eye and she was amazing on the phone and thank you very much for helping me out and easing my anxiety over prescription coverage medical coverage etcetera.
You couldn't have done anything better Ally took very good care of me and she is an asset to your company thank you bye bye.
She's a very good person to talk to and I'm an 86 year old woman and she was very patient with me.
The lady today her name was Linda she was absolutely a blessing to me and I appreciate she is an asset to your company and I certainly appreciate her.
Well anytime I've called I'm always you all have been very wonderful very patient courteous always you all been listening to me and always give me the right answer to my question and clear the situation and always give me a peace of mind and I'm very happy I am a member of United Health.
She's very respectful and she likes her job and she did very well in (unclear) so do you have any questions just give me a call at 449876876.
Very professional and I just want yo express my good luck in having her help me today.
I am very happy to have you guys there assisting me.
the young man or the man that helped me was very nice very cordial and he helped me make a payment and I'm satisfied with you guys.
Y'all have been very respectable to me and everyone that I've ever talked to they always seem very respectable and they really got their business going good and they're doing a wonderful job.
She's still looking on that for me and I'm very grateful that she's such an advocate so you guys have got a wonderful woman working there and she made me feel.
Yes y'all are y'all really got good help and I really like y'all and everything and y'all help me with my getting me a doctor's card and now y'all helping me getting a walker.
(Unclear) couldn't do anything better (unclear) very understanding with the gentleman I talked to and I thank him very much for his time and his trouble.
Very happy with her you know and her you know satisfying me with my questions also.
It was the best I'm so happy with that so definitely he deserves a ten.
You done the best for me and I really really appreciate the my experience with your company.
That's all I can say is very good people.
Up 'til now everything is fine and the person that helped me was excellent and every time you're better.
I just spoke with another wonderful representative that you have Annabella and she went over and above helping me with my problem that I had and with my hearing problem she worked through it with me and I do appreciate all the services that you do give us and all the nice people that you have working for you.
I think you did what you could for me and I appreciate the helpers that you have.
but you guys got it resolved and I appreciate that.
