Your representative for UHC Justin did a very nice job.
She did an excellent job over and above and I appreciate all your services.
You've done an excellent job and I appreciate it.
A gentleman by the name of Ralph he helped me and he did his great job and I appreciate his help.
I think you do a wonderful job and JJ who just took my call was very competent and took care of my problem with no trouble.
You did a wonderful job and I enjoyed it very much.
Well I think you did an excellent job throughout my interview with the person.
knew how to answer the questions and did a very good job so I appreciate her help.
Just the gentleman did a very good job for me so thank you very much.
I received a response for my call almost immediately and the person that I got a hold of did a very good job a fine job and I want to thank you very much.
Y'all did an excellent job for me.
I enjoy talking to you all and you done a great job.
Not a thing he done a wonderful job thank you bye bye.
They did an excellent job and I will.
She did a good job and thank y'all.
the doctor's office and she fixed my problem and I really appreciate UHC representatives are doing a wonderful job.
And yes you really did a good job so I think UHC has done a great job thank you so much.
The person that helped me did a fantastic job.
That's the only thing the gentleman that handled it for me of your company named Vin did an excellent job.
She did a very good job so just a good comment for her.
She did a great job and I appreciate that.
I think you did a fantastic job in answering my questions and taking care of me.
But she did a great job thank you.
I think that y'all workers do a good job and the lady that helped me she knew she did a good job and the lady before her did a good job.
So both of them did a good job helping me today.
The young lady did a great job (unclear).
It's hard to say because the representative was fabulous and I think you did a great job and there's really nothing you can do better.
(Unclear)was done all he could and so I think he did an awesome job trying to figure this out for me.
Because you did a great job and I appreciate Jennifer who helped me today in the customer service department.
Lenore is the one that took care of me and she did an excellent job.
(Unclear) did a great job thank you.
Danica handled my questions exceptionally she did a wonderful job thank you.
Everyone she did a great job thank you.
You couldn't have done any better but Nancy did a great job helping me out thank you very much.
There is nothing you could have done better I think you Frank did an excellent job thank you.
Leslie did an exceptional job giving me my benefits.
the gentleman Will who took care of me did a fine fine job.
We were done and over with and great job.
He did a wonderful job and (unclear) that's all I have to say about that.
Well I think you've done a real good job and I'm very happy and me and my wife are.
Dawn did a fantastic job taking care of our concerns.
So anyway you guys did a great job and I appreciate it.
She did a wonderful job for me.
Well there was really nothing you could've done better because Latoya did a fabulous job.
The young lady (unclear) she did a great job and I thank her so much.
They've done a good job and I thank you.
Angel helped me he did an outstanding job and now I have the answer I needed thank you.
You know the young lady I spoke to Jennifer did a great job there's really nothing that could've been done better.
There's not one thing you could have done better the lady did an excellent job thank you.
So I think you're doing a great job and I really enjoy having you guys on my corner.
I think the lady did a very good job answering my question timely.
The agent I spoke with did a great job and I appreciate her help so much.
Ryan did a wonderful job with me.
Ashley did a great job helping me out on my issues.
So she did a great job I'm very pleased have a good day.
Well Jasmine did a good job on helping me and I appreciate her diligence.
But the fellow I just talked to Riley he's done a done a great job.
Justin did a great job taking care of my situation and I appreciate it very much and (unclear).
No Keisha did a good job for us.
The representative did a good job and I appreciate that.
He answered all my questions to my satisfaction and he did a great job and thank you.
She did a very good job thank you.
Nothing everything was great the Louis did a great job.
But Brian did an excellent job today.
You did an excellent job and I'm very satisfied with the service I received.
I would like to recommend the representative Vicky who did an awesome job solving my problem today.
I think you've done a wonderful job and I really did appreciate the young lady that helped me.
Well Ivan did a great job answering all my questions.
I think the representative did a excellent job and I'm very satisfied.
She did a wonderful there's nothing more she could've done she did very good thank you.
You did a good job today thank you.
No everything is great Matthew did a good job.
But Toni did a wonderful job and solved all my problems and God bless her.
So hopefully you will understand you've got a great employee in Carol.
You did an excellent job and (unclear) very well.
in fact all 3 ladies that I talked to today did an excellent job and it couldn't have been any better.
Y'all did a wonderful job for me.
Michael who took care of me did an excellent job.
The gentleman did excellent work with me.
He done excellent job and I appreciate what you did.
I feel that they're doing a wonderful job and they took care of my needs.
Well the lady I spoke with at UHC did exceptionally very nice job.
She did a good job she answered my questions thank you.
Because like I said she did a excellent job in taking care of me.
You do a wonderful job in caring for us.
I think that you UHC has done an excellent job and very confident that my issue will be resolved.
I don't know how you can improve because everything went very smoothly and the agent who handled the call did a very good job thank you very much.
y'all done a wonderful job and I am very blessed to have y'all as an insurance company.
I thought you did an excellent job so I don't have any suggestions on that.
Your representative was wonderful he did a good job and have a blessed day bye now.
You couldn't have done a better job thank you very much.
Albert did a very nice job obviously if things can be moved more quickly that's better than not.
your staff is doing an excellent job and I thank you.
Yes she did a marvelous job no complaints thank you have a good day bye.
So she did a wonderful job today and I'm very pleased with her.
The young lady did a good job answering my questions thank you.
I just say you did a wonderful job thank you.
The lady did a very nice job for me.
He was the one I talked to and he did an excellent job but you guys do a great job all the time.
You were perfect you did an excellent job 100 percent perfect.
(unclear) did an excellent job answering my questions.
Oh yes I talked to a representative Miss Latisha and she did an excellent job.
Otherwise Carrie was a great associate and she did a good job and took care of me very well.
The young man that helped me did a wonderful job.
You done a very good job and I thank you.
Camilla was the one that did the gave us the service and she did such an excellent job.
Y'all did a wonderful job and the people that work on the phones they're all bright.
I mean Joel did an excellent job as a representative of United Health and I really compliment him.
They done an excellent job with me.
The lady helping me did a great job.
You're doing a wonderful job and you've helped so many people.
And she did a wonderful job on this.
I have no comment but he did a excellent job so.
Chelsea did such a great job I have no further questions.
I think you did an excellent job at hiring those two ladies.
You have done a beautiful job for me.
She did a great job I was totally satisfied thank you so much.
She done a wonderful thing to me.
You did a good job and I appreciate it.
I want to tell you that Lisa did a fantastic job and I was really pleased with her.
She did a wonderful job for me.
I give her a lot of credit she did an awesome job.
As far as the representative explaining it he did an excellent job.
Oh I just want to say that the Alexa who helped me on the phone call today did an excellent job.
You're great and Courtney has did a great job answering my question quickly and easily.
Shaqual was the representative did a very nice job taking care of me.
Jerry did a great job explaining things to me.
You have done a good job and maybe the communication skills can be improved a little by Sally but I think she's nice.
I think your customer service did a great job today and I appreciate her help today.
She did an excellent job with me.
Maureen the customer service rep did an excellent job.
The young lady did a great job (Unclear).
The guy that helped me today did a wonderful job.
So he did an awesome job you know.
I have no concerns the person who helped me did an excellent job.
You did a wonderful job and we're very pleased.
She did a wonderful job for me.
They did a good job and I love them.
Did a very good job thank you.
Your representative Tamika did an excellent job I have no complaints whatsoever.
But Stacey the your attendant that I spoke with who resolved my problem did a very good job and I commend her for it.
So all in all I think she did a very good job helping me with my problem.
Can't think of a thing you did a great job thank you.
She did a fantastic job so I appreciate that very much and her name is Vanessa.
Think (unclear) did a great job thank you.
You did the best you did the best thank you.
He did excellent job and I appreciate it so very much.
This girl named (unclear) did an excellent job.
Victor did a great job he gave us a lot of good information.
The person who helped me's name was Alex and she did an excellent job to wrap it up quickly a great employee and I thank you.
She done a good job you all have a blessed holiday.
you did a great job thank you.
I believe that you did a great job in answering my questions.
You guys doing a great job I just spoke with 2 (unclear) they were a Tiffany customer service Tiffany and she did an excellent job.
They did a great job thank you.
The gentleman who took care of me did an excellent job.
The operator did a very thorough job researching and double checking on things and I appreciate that thank you.
So she just did a great job thank you.
Everything was great Tenisha did a great job.
You know kudos to both those representatives they did a tremendous job thank you.
that I have and Andrea did an excellent job of trying to resolve my issue.
Bridget the customer service lady was above and beyond her service to me and she did an excellent job.
I don't have any suggestions on how the representative could have done a better job because I think she did an excellent job.
I think she did a wonderful job and so there's nothing else she should've done better 'cause she did a wonderful job.
You're doing a good job paying my bills okay thank you.
This is Sue Young Susan E Young and Charles did a wonderful job.
The lady that helped me did a great job.
She did a great job for helping me.
the lady that I talked to did a great job.
She did an excellent job thank you bye bye.
I think you're doing an excellent job thank you bye.
My customer service representative Melanie did an outstanding superb job.
Logan did a wonderful job he didn't not do anything.
She did a great job in helping me.
The person that I talked with did an excellent job and I appreciate all your help.
So I think she did an excellent job of helping me.
your person did an excellent job and I was very grateful.
Just as of today Amanda did a very good job.
The rep was wonderful (unclear) needs a raise because she does a wonderful job.
Oh you did a really great job and I appreciate it.
I think he has a very high skill level and perfect personality for the position he's in.
He did a great job and he deserves a good recognition for that.
Ruby has done a wonderful job and thank you.
He did a very good job thank you.
my questions rather immediately and professionally and she did a good job good service.
She did a great thing for me.
They done a great job today and I appreciate it.
And he did a great job too.
So he did an awesome job too.
Y'all do a good job and I appreciate you all so much.
His name is Luis and he did a nice job.
And thanks for the service she did a great job.
Other than that the person helping me did a great job.
I don't really know what you could've done better for me but United did a really excellent job.
But back to Rosemary she was fantastic she did an excellent job.
Dan did a wonderful job and I appreciate it so much.
You did a good job and I appreciate you so much.
The young man named Marcus did a great job.
He did a wonderful job and I appreciate it.
It is (unclear) really you've done a wonderful job.
Ms Brenda done a fine job and I appreciate her help.
She answered all my questions and I think you guys did a really good job and I thank you.
So you know y'all did a great job and thank you.
She's an excellent person to talk to and did a very good job and I really appreciate her.
The representative done a very good job and I appreciated it so much.
Very good today and that guy did a wonderful job.
You did a wonderful job for me.
Jordan did a great job for me and I appreciate the service.
Rita did an excellent job as a rep there customer service rep there for your company.
Sage helped us and she did a wonderful job.
You just did a good job thank you.
There's nothing you could've done better the representative was great he did a great job.
Could have done nothing better the rep did an excellent job of helping out as always y'all do a great job and I appreciate your service thank you.
I don't think there was anything she did a very good job thank you.
Really the man that helped me with United Healthcare complete did a very good job.
So yes you guys are doing a good job and thanks for everything.
You've done exactly what I would expect and a very good agency (unclear).
Again courteous kind knowledgeable she did a great job so thank you for the wonderful service.
No I think the service representative did an excellent job thank you.
Nothing special you did a great job.
Diangelo did a fabulous job for me today and I appreciate him greatly and you're lucky to have such a caring person.
You did an excellent job I'm very well pleased.
The person that helped me did a great job.
You have very cordial people that work the lines and they did a wonderful job for me.
I'm completely satisfied and you did a great job.
I think she did a great job and you know she should be applauded for all her efforts.
I think you did a great job in answering my question.
Chris did a very good job for me.
She did a good job for me and I really appreciate it.
You did a great job (unclear) did a great job I just wanna make sure she got proper recognition.
I thought (unclear) was her name did a fantastic job helping me.
The (unclear) helped me did a great job.
Actually she did a wonderful job of taking me through this information.
Y'all have done wonderful for me.
You've done a fantastic job could've done better thank you.
You guys are excellent and you couldn't have done a better job and I'm very happy with you.
The second person who helped me her name is Sonya did an excellent job.
Thank you I think Landon did a very good job thanks a lot (unclear) help you're very clear and explicit.
The operator that answered was very polite and did a great job and I appreciate her taking care of our problem.
Sabrina did an excellent job and I'm 100% satisfied.
Her name was Kim she did a marvelous job thank you.
Make you feel welcome and that he understands that's his job and he does a great job at it.
There's nothing that could've been done better John did a wonderful job of taking care of my issue.
This Joni did an excellent job thank you.
And she did a marvelous job and I appreciate all that.
I'm a nurse so I know you know how things should be handled and she did a great job.
Albert did a wonderful job helping me out.
Well they assisted me in a very very lovely way.
You have done a great job and I ask you to keep it up.
This is Danny (unclear) I just wanna let you know that the spokes lady did a wonderful job.
And she did a good job and I thank her for it.
As I mentioned to the very nice representative she did a wonderful job.
Your agent did an excellent job thank you.
You did a great job thank you.
he did a very good job thank you.
Because y'all done a great a job and I really appreciate it.
You did excellent call Mark's done an excellent job thank you for your help.
You all did a great job and I really don't know what to say to you to improve your service.
The man that handled the phone conversation his name is Dan he's like Dan the man he did a wonderful job.
You did fine and Cindy who helped me did a wonderful job.
So that's what the problem was so again Cindy did a great job.
Y'all are doing great job.
I don't have any additions to make it even better and I appreciate that you did such a good job.
I just answered a question with customer service representative (unclear) did an excellent job.
Your people do a wonderful job and I appreciate you.
So but anyway she did a wonderful job.
You did a fantastic job for me.
She did a fantastic job and I'm glad that you have her there.
Mary helped me and she did a great job.
She took a lot of time and effort and you have a wonderful employee on Tina.
The young lady done a fine job and I appreciate the help with everything thank you.
Gentleman did a fine job in answering my questions everything was taken care of thank you.
Oh everything was wonderful the agent that helped me did a wonderful job thank you.
There is really nothing she did a very nice job thank you.
Nothing the young lady did a wonderful job.
You all did a really good job thank you.
The young man that took care of me his name's Percy he did a fabulous job.
I think your person that was in customer service did a wonderful job and I really appreciate it you have a good day bye.
But this one Nicole did a fantastic job.
The person the representative who helped me was fantastic she did a great job very professional and you have great people working for you.
You did a very good job I don't think you could improve the service that I get today thank you.
Yeah nothing and you've done a very good job I'm pleased.
She did a real good job I'm real happy with you know.
The gentleman Cameron did a great job and answered my question I appreciate it thank you.
You done an excellent job and I really appreciate your help.
There wasn't anything that you could have done better Raymond is a really fine employee he did a really good job for me.
the service rep Rebecca did such an excellent superb fine job.
Yvonne did a wonderful job of helping me.
You did a great job and the young lady that helped me deserves a promotion and a raise.
Y'all done real good and (unclear).
Bianca did a wonderful job with helping me.
It was your fault and not ours and so he did a fine job and we're happy.
