Well I haven't been with you very long so I really don't know.
I could not have gone better and thank you UHC.
Well he got my issue resolved and I (unclear) recommend more detail about things and I thank you very much.
Actually I don't think there was anything any better y'all been great and excellent and I appreciate your help.
(Unclear) very understanding of what I was trying to get cleared up and I appreciate it and it was done just (unclear) and I thank you.
the whole process of speaking with you and the information I required was excellent and so I can't really say there's anything that I could see at this point of time that you would need to improve on but thank you.
I you handled it very quickly and easily and I appreciate it very much.
I don't think there's nothing better you could have done better for me so I would like to say thank you very much.
I have nothing to bad to say it's all good thank you bye.
You did everything that was possible for me to complete my question and I just thank the person that helped me.
I don't think anything I think it was very well presented to me and thank you so much.
You did everything excellent (unclear) the service was great I didn't have to wait very long and my question was answered I have no suggestions other than keep up the good work.
This really you know really friendly nice.
You treated me nice and you told me what I needed to know and I thank you very much.
I'm sorry by telephone sometimes loses coverage here but you guys did very well thank you very much.
(Unclear) this time I don't think there's anything that you could have done better I'm very satisfied thank you.
There wasn't anything that you could've done better but I do want to let you know that the person I spoke to Leslie Aleman she was a fantastic person.
Everything was just great I'm just very happy with the whole thing I mean I can't complain about nothing.
Okay they couldn't do it no better they were real nice he was real nice and everything.
Everything was an excellent job today I have no complaints what so ever.
Excuse me thank you (unclear) girl did a very nice job Maria and she answered my questions she accepted my credit card for payment for my late payment for my (unclear) and I wanna thank you and everything's okay.
But certainly if somebody asked me I would be very pleased to recommend you folks.
As far as the phone conversation today it was handled quickly and efficiently and I have no complaints or no comments so thank you so much and have a good day.
I didn't catch her name well enough to repeat it but thank you very much.
Understanding me better when I am talking to the person thank you.
Nothing the young lady who helped me Carrie she was just wonderful thank you.
Nothing could've been done better everything was answered to my satisfaction completely and thoroughly and professionally couldn't have asked for anything better thank you very much.
I'm okay she explained everything satisfactorily so I'm okay thank you.
you guys always treat me good thank you.
Today's conversation with the gentleman named Martin I have no complaints very good gentleman answered all my questions helped me out immensely so that's about all I got to say about that thank you.
Oh I have a problem seeing and I meant to match you all tens and I hope I did and thank you very much.
I have no complaint or comment you know she's very helpful this lady Jean.
Taylor answered my question and was very sympathetic about my request and I'm glad now that I know what my coverage is and that was a big help to me and thank you for all the answers you've ever given me.
My information on Silver Sneakers please but the person who helped me Selena was excellent very excellent she made my day thank you.
There is not much you could've done better it was very correct and very thorough and professional thank you very much.
I actually can't think of anything to say because I did have a very good experience thank you.
Mike did his best to make sure that I understood what was transpiring with my case and I will do what he asked me to do and thank you very much.
It was well done I can't think of any reason to change it thank you so much Andy was very courteous and very efficient thank you goodbye.
The gentleman has explained me with my questions thank you.
There is nothing that could've been better for me I am 100 percent absolutely satisfied so thank you.
There's nothing you could have done better this gentleman was really good and did and that fixed the problem that I was asking about so thank you.
Y'all did great I understand what y'all explained to me.
Actually don't know any you could've done (unclear) the service representative today was very knowledgeable and helpful.
Nothing you answered my question quickly and accurately and I really appreciate your help.
Absolutely nothing I mean you answered all my questions and I appreciate it.
No you know little voices going like crazy so it was very good better than it was today that's it thank you.
I'm just tired of it thank you bye.
No my issues I think it was handled great thank you.
The lady I spoke to was very clear she answered everything I needed to know and I appreciated her service and thank you very much.
I'm very forgetful but he was very helpful and he answered my question real quick and I didn't have to stay on the line it was just a matter with him and I appreciate his help and thank you very much.
You answered my question and the fellah that talked to me he's a wonderful guy.
Really nothing you absolutely took care of my problem thank you.
So I'm all set and you guys are totally awesome thank you so much.
You guys passed with 5 stars I thank you very much and I'm looking forward to working wit you guys.
(unclear) one of your representative was perfect and he was very courteous I think everything is good so don't change anything.
I don't think anything could've done better Alex was my representative and she did a fabulous job as to this claim and also checked into another claim that I have that I haven't from since February so I give her 100+ thank you so much for your time and thank you for Care Improvement+ bye bye.
There's nothing that could've done better my agents name was Nolan and he did just a great job he assisted me in every way he went to another department and he got the forms in that he's sending in the mail for me to fill out and I really appreciate and gave him knew some information so I really appreciate him his name was Nolan he's a great asset for your company thank you very much he's an excellent agent okay bye bye.
Everything was fine you all answered my questions fine no (unclear) they did everything just fine I'm very pleased with my insurance and I appreciate you all God bless you all have a nice day bye bye.
Nothing everything you done was fantastic and I appreciate speaking to you all ladies and gentlemen so everything is satisfied from 1 to 10 10 10 10.
The representative did fine my problem is with my doctors office and he did a great job trying to get the issue resolved but I have to wait to hear back from my doctor's office because they seem a little confused so the representative did great thank you.
The agent that I spoke with he is so good and he knows what he's saying very nice very good (unclear).
You couldn't do anything better the representative I talked to was magnificent his name was Brian thank you.
You just you satisfied all my questions and I appreciate it all so much.
Which I am very glad that it was solved and I understand it much better now.
I made an error Anthony represented me very well he represents the company and Intel very well.
The customer representative Lambert handled us quickly and efficiently so thank you very much.
It's stupid I said yes and I don't understand and it said are you English.
I think you're doing fine thank you.
They don't know what they are doing okay but this time he looked like something like (unclear) he was helping me great deal okay thank you.
That might be in literature you sent and I just didn't realize it but I'm educated now so thank you.
Well as of this very moment I think you all have done everything possible and I'm very satisfied with it.
I understood what he had to say I appreciated him hopefully he works for you for many years.
I was (unclear) with all them (unclear) whenever I talk but anyway thank you.
Your service was perfect there's nothing that I could think you would've done better thank you.
Nothing (unclear) very helpful and I appreciate you so much.
I thought that the interviewer my vision plan was very good both of them were excellent and they were knowledgeable when they didn't know something they thought did a little research got right back with me so I just want to compliment both of the people that helped me this morning thank you.
I really don't know of nothing that you could've done better for me I'm just satisfied so far this my first time have to get information like this so I'm quite real satisfied with it thank you.
Too many questions on (unclear) and just takes too long lady was lovely thank you.
There was nothing the young lady from prescriptions could have helped me with she did a beautiful job thank you very much like I say she did a beautiful job and satisfied me thank you.
Well your service was excellent I had no problem with it thank you so much have a good day.
The last person I spoke to for the (unclear) department needs a little bit more experience how to handle people that call and speak to people who are talking to without an attitude thank you very much bye bye.
Everything that you did today was perfect and I could fully understand the person I was talking to so thank you very much.
I really can't think of anything that we could've done better or that you could've answered better than how you answered what I needed today thank you.
I don't know of anything this was a pleasant experience thank you very much bye.
I don't think anything could've done better all of my request were filled thank you very much.
Not a thing representative was very professional and answered all my questions and everything is taken care of thank you very much bye.
Hi there everything went well so I can't think of anything else at this point so everything was good thank you I spoke with Selma bye bye.
I can't think of nothing everything was answered politely courteously I just think they've handled my questions greatly and I really appreciate it thank you bye.
The everything was perfect there's nothing else you could have done done any better thank you.
Nothing Aaron did a great job answered all my questions and gave me good information thank you so much.
No I think you were on it did a great job for me and I appreciate it thank you.
Not much could've been done better the other company made the mistake and it was corrected by your representative who was excellent thank you.
I don't think anything could've been better everything I asked was answered and I was satisfied with the answer the service representative was very nice so I think the service was perfect thank you.
You guys were great you answered all my questions I'm very happy and thank you so much for everything and you guys have a good day bye.
I was satisfied with the information that I had from you people thank you.
Not a thing my question was answered and I'm very satisfied thank you very much.
I think he was fine overall I had no complaints thank you.
I've never received one thank you.
They've been always good (unclear) helped me in every way they could and I (unclear) straight and all the representatives especially you have a sweet little lady here I just spoke to is very nice girl and I thank you and have a nice day.
I had a great call and Jade was wonderful I have no complaints thank you so much.
Actually I don't think you could've done anything better for what I needed today so I'm satisfied with the information that I received so thank you.
I don't think there was anything the assistant I had was so helpful and pleasant and I've got information about your words I didn't even know that were available to me so thank you very much and I wish you a great day afternoon.
I can't think of anything that you could've done better they were very kind very nice and very thorough thank you.
Nothing everything was okay I'm very satisfied with you guys service.
Really it went quite well I don't know how you could improve it too well.
You could not have done anything better it was really nice the lady was just wonderful so and I thank you for that.
You did a fine job and I appreciate the gentleman's help very much thank you bye.
I think I'm well satisfied I have phone numbers if I need questions thank you so much.
She was very nice and very considerate and concerned about my answers and answered all of my questions and took time to do it so thank you so very much okay bye bye.
The middle of 2017 I have Gregory Mulvey is my primary physician and you a letter saying Dennis Miller was mine so please don't upset me anymore thank you very much.
Erin answered all my questions I don't know how it could've been better it was excellent thank you.
Yes she was quite helpful I just hope everything turns out for the best now concerning my payments okay thank you bye.
Nothing could've been done better the person I just spoke to was a excellent extraordinary help thank you so much.
There's nothing that could've been done better the service was outstanding she was extremely helpful she answered all my questions so I'm totally satisfied thank you very much.
I really enjoyed the conversation with the representative very you know very nice young lady and I appreciated it I didn't think anything else that could've been done at all.
We were satisfied with what you done thank you.
There is nothing you could have done better it was wonderful I appreciate it.
she didn't have anything that she could give me more and that's not her fault so thank you very much bye.
There was nothing you could've done better the woman I talked to was gracious and very helpful and gave me extended information I thank you for that.
Nothing better amazing and I'm grateful thanks an awful lot and have a good day.
No I don't really think there's anything that I thought you could've done better the lady I talked to was very helpful and she was very courteous and kind (unclear) she answered all my questions and tried to help me (unclear) possibility so I really appreciated her help and I'm very happy with working with you guys so good job keep up the good job have a good day bye bye.
I have no complaints everything was great and I really appreciated the help thank you.
I was very pleased I cannot think of anything that you all could've improved on thank you.
No I was very pleased with the representative she offered full service and all information I needed thank you.
There wasn't anything I believe that they could have done better for me they just resolved my issue and I was very thankful to know thank you so much.
Everything was done great I don't need any further explanation for anything and thank you very much your service was great.
I really don't think there was anything you could have done better I feel like y'all's agent did everything that she could to solve my problem thank you very much.
This representative that helped me his name is Lou he really did everything for me and very patient listening to my complaints and very what you call this very kind and understanding and knowledgeable thank you.
So I think you folks did well thank you.
Actually nothing everything that I had asked the girl was very very sweet and nice they're doing a great job.
Okay first off I punched in the wrong number when it asked me about my conversation with the agent he was outstanding I have absolutely no problems everything was super thank you so much have a great day.
There's nothing you could have done better you done the best as you always did I don't have no problems with y'all thank you bye.
No you answered all my questions I have no other concerns appreciate your help bye bye.
There was nothing you could have done better I apprecaite all your help that I got from the girl thank you very much bye now.
Nothing you can do better Shari was very helpful and gracious and she answered all my questions precisely so I was very happy being with her today thank you.
I don't think anything better could be done you had a good point AARP keep on working hard and the path is open for you thank you.
I was very satisfied I think you met all my needs thank you.
There wasn't anything you could have done better you gave me the items that I needed and thank you so much bye.
There is nothing they was very helpful the young lady was thank you.
Hello I'm Julie (unclear) the lady did an excellent job I can't think of anything that she didn't do not do to help me she was great thank you.
She did quite a bit for me and got everything I need to know and whatever I could do for (unclear) and I thank you so much bye.
I would have liked to have gotten different answer but I understand the one that I got thanks bye.
Actually I don't think there's anything you could have done better for me everything was handled to my complete ratification the person I spoke to Omere was very very courteous and very very helpful thank you very much.
I don't know of anything that y'all could do any better you take care very good care of me and answer my questions always.
There's nothing you could got done better I was think you did an outstanding job thank you.
He was really great answered all my questions which made me feel much better alright thank you.
Today's call was fine the person helping me was exceptionally courteous and helpful and I have no complaints about this customer service rep thanks bye.
I can't think of a thing I've received excellent service the issue was resolved professionally and I could not be happier with the representative thank you.
She answered my questions very politely and understandably and I have no complaints whatsoever thank you very much.
Actually the girl that helped me her name was Madison and she did a great job there's nothing she could have done better she helped me the information I needed and even if this didn't have something then that's not her fault so Madison did a great job and I highly recommend her thank you bye bye.
So there's no improvement that I need all of my questions were answered satisfaction thank you very much.
There is nothing else that you could do for me today I was completely satisfied the person who helped me out was really very well experience and then with a lot of knowledge of what she was doing and then was able to help me with what I wanted to do today I really appreciate you people thank you very much for all the years that I'm being with you guys okay thank you.
I didn't think you could've done anything better all my question were answered very promptly and the representative I talked to was very knowledgeable thank you.
I have no suggestions everything was wonderful and I thank you very much.
The representative was very helpful she assessed the situation and she knew exactly what to do so I've been well taken care of when you put it that way I'm very much satisfied thank you.
You could not have done anything better because the person who helped me was exceptionally very helpful thank you very much.
Well it really wasn't your fault it was the doctor Optum Rx thing so I can't blame you guys so you couldn't have done anything better and she explained it to me so that's good.
I don't believe there was anything better the service that I received from this agent was very professional friendly and very quick so doing a great job thank you very much.
I was completely satisfied and the representative answered all of the questions that I have and I thank you very much.
No all my questions were answered Sandra was very helpful and she steered me in the right direction thank you so much.
Nothing as always you folks are amazing thank you have a beautiful day.
I was well satisfied with everything you've done for me I can't think of anything better thank you.
there isn't too much more you could've did for me I think the individual your representative was excellent and she understood my question and she handled it very good so I was very please thank you very much.
Things have been great I actually spoke to someone that understood me thank you.
Oh my gosh the girl was very nice.
I feel like that you have answered my questions and have done very well.
There is nothing that could've been done better it was just really quite excellent Christina did a wonderful job thanks so much bye.
That way I could have just basically hung up and said thank you very much and I had to bother your team but they haven't confirmed that it's all taken care of thank you.
Very satisfied with everything that happened today courteous knowledgeable very professional enjoyed talking to her thank you.
You just were very courteous so I guess that would be it thank you.
She answered my questions very thoroughly and completely and very satisfied with UHC and thank you.
Really nothing she the person that took care of me today was wonderful and got back to me in a very timely manner and it was very easy to resolve and I just changed my doctors to this other doctor and it was fabulous so wonderful person that took care of my needs your customer relationship person that answered my needs was terrific thank you very much and have a great day.
There wasn't anything better I had great service and I am pleased with everything thank you.
I don't think that you could do anything better I am so I'm very pleased I have called twice today and I've gotten all my answers I think that you are a good company and I am very pleased and thank you again and like I said I called twice and the first time I called I had good service and the second time I called I had good service okay thank you.
There really isn't anything that could've been done better I would like to compliment specifically compliment Angela the representative I spoke to today Angela was extremely professional customer focused competent knowledgeable and very personable she was a joy to talk to I appreciated her service 100% she was just excellent all the way around and I thank her and UHC thank you very much.
Really nothing you handled it pretty good.
Well you did the service was great and (unclear) very much for that.
Whoever was on the phone he done very well and I appreciate y'all and I thank you.
This young man John he was such a gentleman and so helpful believe me I appreciate him very much I thank you.
Yeah my name is (Unclear) and actually (unclear) everything was just good for me with y'all.
You did real good and I definitely say thank you.
Because I didn't know anything from the start and now I know a lot and thank you very much.
your folks were my advocate on a problem and it was solved and thank you very very much.
I think it was done real nice and I appreciate your help.
Nothing right now ma'am and the people who I talked to were very nice and I thank you.
I appreciate everything you've done it great.
Every time I call the gentleman that I talk to is very nice very knowledgeable.
Actually I can't think of anything that you could have done better or anything that you didn't help me with because you've been actually been helpful and I needed a lot of help but you cleared up everything for me and you took care of everything.
Actually he helped me in such a quick and amazing way that there isn't anything he could've done better.
Everything that you did was fine and you gave me all the information that I needed and I want to thank you very much.
There's nothing more at this point that I need to ask of you other than I've been very happy with the services I'm getting and the representatives have been great and I'm really happy thank you.
Every time I've contacted you guys I've been pretty satisfied with your response.
I got everything that I needed on this original call and thank you very much.
Everything was okay I just wish I had more dentist in my area zip code area 77409 but I appreciate all the help that you given me and thank you.
I really don't think that you could've did anything more for me everything is up in the air right now I'm very happy with the service that I get and I like to continue with United Health and everybody was very pleasant that's the most important thing everybody was pleasant and that was it have a good day God bless bye.
I find the service was very well and very good provided there is nothing that I would add to that except that I have always had very courteous phone calls with United Health thank you.
Nothing really could've been done better I just did to get some information and understanding so since I'm little confused I might've confused the helper but everything is okay anyway thank you.
Really don't know of anything that could've been better the representative answered the questions I had and was real helpful and polite thank you.
Everything was excellent and I could actually understand so just keep up the good work thank you.
Everything (unclear) was done taken care of for me (unclear) excellent job.
Thank you so much and what can I say? She was done to the last question answered and put my mind at ease.
It my call was excellently handled the person her name was Cherese she was fabulously helping me I really appreciate all the effort thank you bye bye.
Everything was fine the customer service person John helped ma and solved my problem thank you very much.
I really can't think of anything that could have been done better questions answered very personable enjoyed the conversation well informed thank you.
I can't think of a thing that you could have done better it's always just questions are always answered completely and things are checked and it's just a pleasant situation thank you very much.
There wasn't anything she answered every question I had and I appreciate it very much thank you.
I don't know of anything they could have done better they were very nice and very helpful and thank you very much okay bye.
I don't think you could have done anything better she was very courteous and very helpful thank you very much.
I don't think there is anything right now that you could have done better I feel much better after having talking to Joann so thank you so much.
I wish the (unclear) machine was covered partially but I understand it's not so thank you so much anyway and I do appreciate it and bye bye.
There was nothing you could've done better and Reuben your representative was quite excellent and he was most professional and I appreciated the call and thank you very much.
I guess it was a Philippine so sometimes the language is a little difficult to understand but he was very helpful and we got through it so thank you so much.
But I don't know if they have (unclear) thank you have a nice day and a wonderful (unclear).
Yes everything was good honey except I have to get a form and resign it instead of it just being processed from there but all in all it was good and the lady was real nice thank you.
I don't think there's anything that you could've done better every all of my questions were answered properly thank you very much.
I couldn't understand him he was speaking good but he gave me the information thank you very much and have a good day.
It could not have been a better call and more helpful thank you very much.
I don't think there was anything you could have done better everything was just fine hope you have a good day thank you bye.
You could have done nothing better I'm completely satisfied I've had a weight lifted off my shoulders and thank you very much.
Nothing you could done better everything was satisfactory thank you.
Well to me you done everything very better for me and thanks (unclear).
I don't know (unclear) to explain to you and I don't hear very good so I'm sorry about that.
The one person I talked to was extremely nice the other was the automated machine and I'm quite satisfied and I thank you very much.
Everything went well and we'll just anticipate what Veronica told us to look for in the mail thank you bye bye.
Nothing the person I spoke with did everything so nothing anyway thank you very much.
(Unclear) very helpful and knowledgeable of everything that I needed thank you very much.
Could not have done anything better you guys were very polite thank you so much.
I don't know what would have made a different so thank you very much.
No she couldn't have done better because she gave me actually she did really well she gave me a lot of information that I didn't have and I thank her very well she's very efficient thank you bye.
She was very polite nice she got me my appointment gave me the information I needed and worked to locate it there's nothing you could have done that would have been any better and I appreciate you so much thank you.
Don't have anything you've always been really nice to me thank you.
I don't think there's one thing that you could have done better for me but thank you.
All my questions were answered appropriately and in a organized manner so thank you very much.
I kinda bent his ear but he was being very respectful and very dignified toward me and I want to thank you very much.
got the information I wanted and it was wonderful and thank you so much.
I don't know of one thing you could have done better everything was excellent and I appreciate y'alls service to me.
There was nothing you answered all my questions thank you.
I was helped out good thank you.
So at this time I can say as far as I'm concerned I think you did everything right.
Oh it's awesome I cannot you know it's the service is good you know that's all I could say very good very good.
I don't think you could've done anything better the lady that helped me today was very professional very polite and I actually very much enjoyed speaking with her thank you very much.
I don't think you could've done anything better I was real pleased with all the answers that I got and I like United Health thank you.
I think her name is Suzy and she addressed all my you know my problems that I had you know and she just did a great job and she was so sweet and you know kind so I've always had.
Well the way I see it you can't do anything to improve the service Vanessa did a fantastic job and that's all I got to say thank you.
I'm really not sure I did fine thank you.
Not only the information but the manner in which they delivered I was terrific and I'm just giving them an A plus and thank you so much much bye bye.
Tracy just kind of went the extra mile so thank you very much.
There isn't anything you could have done better because everything was done in order and in decency and you all have done an excellent job.
Oh nothing at all I am completely satisfied she was just so friendly and so helpful thank you.
I'm very satisfied from today and there's not really anything you could've done to help me more just thank you.
But I hadn't had quote the wellness visit so I appreciate her time this morning and her expertise in getting me my questions answered thank you so much bye.
Want some help to direct information sense to me to me so I could understand it because I'm 80 years old and it's already hard to understand at times and I would appreciate it if somebody would talk to me and help me explain what they're talking about thank you.
I don't know what else to say that I just you to make sure that she knows she did a great job and you have a wonderful person representing my insurance thank you.
And she was extremely helpful on coverage and all the rest of it excuse me and I just want to say thank you okay.
Absolutely nothing you answered my questions and gave me a direction thank you very much.
Hi the one thing that could've been done better is and I spoke with Margo she referred to me as dear and I just think that that's condescending and shouldn't be done in this day in age.
You guys are perfect I wouldn't change a thing and I would recommend someone else to you guys so you guys are the best and thank you.
Right now nothing that I know of they've been very good with their information thank you.
Well I don't think there's anything that could've been done better this young lady went way beyond the call of duty in order to help me and assist me with the issue I had for this insurance thank you very much.
I was very satisfied with the service it's nothing to do with the service it probably has to do with me so I would say everything was fine thank you.
There's nothing you could've done better everything was excellent thank you very much bye bye.
Your associate was very prompt I had to hold on to my line for her to get the correct answer and I think you're very lucky to have such a good concerning representative working for you and I thank you all for your help thank you now bye.
I don't believe there was anything better I was calling for information on the hearing aids and he gave me the telephone number and I'm satisfied so I forgot his name so sorry about that but thank him and I of course I'll be back I'm a member bye bye now.
There was really nothing you could've done better Isaiah was a perfect person to talk to and he answered all my questions and I've been happy with your service.
I thought it was very useful no complaints thank you.
Just keep doing what you're doing it was just perfect thank you so much.
Hi it was very helpful you know and the lady that I had just now she was trying to help me get some (unclear) she took the extra step she made the calls and she gave me the (unclear) but don't forget to do and don't forget to ask this and don't forget to ask that so I found her to be a pretty good coach you know to depend on so I think UHC they sure (unclear) yeah I'm quite satisfied and she (unclear) I'm sure you are too.
There's nothing you could've done better I had a charming man named Ryan from Waco Texas he was excellent he was helpful he kept doing research trying to find out more information for me no there you could not improve any you did you were excellent you were A plus.
You handled my problem perfectly thank you bye bye.
He did a great job and I clearly understand what's in front of me now thank you very much.
got the answers that I needed so thank you.
I don't think there was anything that could be done better this was a complicated thing so that's all I have to say about that thank you.
I hope you all get that squared away thank you so much have a great day.
I think you did a wonderful and keep it up and keep up doing what you're doing it'll be just fine thank you and have a wonderful day.
Not a thing Julia was great she understood my question and got me a precise answer which is all I wanted so you guys have a good day bye bye.
You gave me all the information I could get from you so I appreciate what you did for me.
I didn't even wait one minute for them to get on the line so I'm very pleased and thank you so much.
The lady spoke with she done a very good job so yeah she deserves credit for it she is very polite and she done everything that she was supposed to.
Oh nothing the lady was very sweet helped me out what I needed to know and is gonna return our call so I'm very happy.
the person that I talked to was just awesome and they could tell that UI needed this and they worked really hard to get it for me thank you bye.
Hello you couldn't have done anything better you did very well he girl as very good and she explained everything fine thank you.
Very informative and everything and nice and I could understand her real well clear voice and I thank you so very much.
Ryan was awesome he answered all my questions and was very polite on the phone and even wished me a late happy birthday and I appreciate y'all so very much.
They were very helpful and did everything they could to give me suggestions and so forth so they've just been wonderful and anytime I've had to call I've always been treated with the greatest respect anyway I appreciate your people they're very good so thank you so much.
I find that everything is solved very quickly and very nicely thank you.
Well I don't see where anything could've been better because everything was taken care of to (unclear) you satisfied me real greatly and I hope y'all continue with the (unclear) that you are doing.
I'm sorry I can't think of anything you could've done better it was a good call the representative was extremely polite and willing to help and reach.
Not anything you answered my question correctly thanks and have a good day.
I was satisfied other than I had to transfer an everything but I guess that's a necessary process alright I think you's did a good job overall thank you.
Not anything that I can think of the girl was very helpful her name is Anna and she's very good with people thank you so much.
There was nothing you could do anything better my problem was solved immediately very nice gently person the other end it was great I want to thank you very much your service is terrific.
Dani is very good people you know she helped me a lot thank you so much.
Completely satisfied the customer representative handled everything that she was able to handle and I thank you very much.
Everything went well everything went good I thank that the customer service waited on me and took care of my needs and I don't think you could have done anything different everything was fast and efficient and I'm very well pleased thank you.
Well they did everything I needed them to do they was very helpful so excellent service.
There's nothing that you could have done better for me thank you.
No pardon me Arkansas and he answered my problem very nicely and I'm satisfied with that.
Really nothing it was handled professionally and 100% in our favor thank you very much.
I really can't think of anything I thought it was handled very good thank you.
Hi this is Eve Davidson and I had my usual wonderful experience with David who is down near South Padre Island Texas and he answered all my questions and I told him I was going to take the survey and so he hung up and so did your survey people I guess because next thing I knew I was hung up on so I called back instantly just a few minutes ago and got another nice person who's in David's same office and he looked me up and then put me back to get the survey so this is so he said you know that some times the survey after you're through talking with the representative doesn't always pick up but it always has before for me so I really appreciate taking the survey because what you're doing is just wonderful for me and your staff is always wonderful for me and I belonged to your organization for a heck of a long time since it was UHC and then I mean since it was Pacific Care and then the next one I can't think of what it is now and then UHC and I guess Secure Horizons was in between there so I really appreciate how you handle your business which is good for me thank you bye.
I have sorry I don't know why I'm stuttering yeah your customer service rep did an excellent job.
I have my questions answered so there was nothing else that could've been answered today but thank you.
I think you've done alright I just little confused of how the bill is so thank you very much.
You couldn't have done anything better than you did today you helped me out a lot and I really appreciate it thank you.
I don't think there's anything better you could've done you had a very pleasant representative there I thank you and have a nice day.
All my questions all my worries all my concerns were definitely satisfied and all I need now to do is write an appeal (unclear) and thank you.
I'm very sorry to feel that way I'm very sorry that you know I've really had it up to here with you guys.
Also this is the last advocate her name is Joyce my favorite one who wrote me the thank you letter.
Nothing you did great and I appreciate it very much.
Okay otherwise your the person who was on the phone he helped me and excellent job.
I know it's good to have people you know fixated on one thing but it would be nice to talk to somebody hey if I want to know about my medicine that same person can answer my question.
There is nothing that you should do for me because everything is taken care of very good and your representative were very kind.
William was great I didn't need any other assistance thank you.
Nothing you did everything as expected and more and I'm very appreciative of your service.
I don't think there's anything you could have done better because your representative was efficient knowledgeable helpful and as nice as can be.
Nothing everything was done in a timely very professional manner so I have no complaints at all and I thank you again for your help.
There really wasn't anything you could have done better for me so I thank you.
I can't think of anything better right from the start I got my questions answered and I feel very confident I got the right information so thank you and thank you for your service.
There was nothing more you could've done I've been very satisfied with my answers and I thank you very much.
I was very satisfied with the help of Jerry today there wasn't anything additional that I asked him to do or would ask him to do thank you very much for your help bye bye.
Well nothing really much more that you could do because every time I call the representative I got one in Virginia today and they were all very good to me very polite and I'm pretty happy with the plan hopefully next year we'll get a better plan so that's how I look at it thank you.
Not much John done everything for me so thank John again for me.
that's been my experience every time I've called about anything thank you very much bye.
Nothing I was completely satisfied with the service I got thank you bye.
I'm very satisfied with the answer that I received so it was nice thank you.
And I know that I'll be using you guys more but just wanted to let you know that I'm very satisfied with Josh's work alright thank you.
Send out more of an explanation with the original statement but the person helping me was wonderful thank you bye bye.
I always tell people read my member ID first so they'll that and stop calling me sir I had an instance where I just spoke with somebody at United here a few minutes ago she kept going on and calling me sir calling me sir I finally had to talk nasty to her and hang up on her you need to have better customer service people there that handle peoples needs.
I don't think anything could be done better the gentleman was very representative very helpful and I really appreciate his help thank you.
I can't think of anything I was very pleased thank you.
But you guys you know you were very nice to me.
It's just to make sure that I got everything but anyway I'm very happy thank you bye.
The person (unclear) the gentleman I spoke to awesome extremely helpful just I don't know how to sing your praises enough.
And not only that it's easy to get in contact with you so thank you very much.
He was really helpful courteous timely information and (unclear) not sure they'll go look up the question or contact someone and then give me the proper information so I think everything went great and thank you so much.
Everything was a ten so she was very nice the lady that I just talked to so thank you all and have a blessed day.
They couldn't have done anything they were awesome thank you.
I can't think of anything done today or call that could've been improved on the employee was very courteous very knowledgeable and very expedient thank you.
I answered the survey just a couple hours ago and the answer's still the same I've gotten very good service from your representatives they've been very polite and very helpful goodbye.
I have no suggestions Laura that helped me covered all the bases and even made additional suggestions that might be of help thank you very much.
And they just actually by the time we hung up they made me feel so much better so I thank you very much for your good training job.
I don't know of anything that he could have done better it was answered all my questions and I am completely satisfied he was very polite professional and he answered all my questions thank you very much bye bye.
I was very satisfied with the answers that I received there's nothing at this time that you could have done better it was great experience thank you.
Nothing the lady was absolutely marvelous she is very very good at her job thank you for hiring her.
I can't think of anything because I was satisfied with the help I've got on the phone thank you.
The representative helped me with everything that I needed she could not have done any better she did an awesome job thank you very much.
Nothing could've been better but I do appreciate you very much.
The only suggestion I've got is to hire more people like (unclear) who waited on me today she was professional knowledgeable patient polite and extremely empathic so if she has a twin sister you better hire her thank you bye bye.
I had a wonderful conversation and helped by a young lady by the name of Erica I mean she couldn't have been more helpful I mean she was professional thorough I couldn't have asked for a better person to deal with you've got an ace in the hole there I mean don't lose her in fact raise her pay thank you.
Nothing you could've better today I had a nice representative she answered all of my questions and to you all of your mothers happy Mothers Day and everything went well.
Everything is great everything was great honestly I appreciate you all it was very timely and efficient alright appreciate you thank you.
Every time I call they answer all my questions and they go beyond my question so I really appreciate all the times I have called you all for the service that you all take the time to relay back to me.
The girl was intelligent and answered my question thank you very much bye.
I got a representative very quickly he was very knowledgeable and very courteous and I cannot think of a single thing you could've done better so thank you.
Everything was satisfactory very nice very polite and give me information that I did not have so I appreciate the fast service thank you.
I don't have anything at all the lady that I talked to she really done a real good job she answered all my questions I wanted (unclear) put it in her record I forget her name (unclear) talk to her she done a good job and answered my questions and everything I wanted real nice professional and I thank you bye.
Everything went great I haven't got a clue as far as how you could improve it so everything was fine thank you.
The lady handled it just fine and I really appreciated it so you all have a good day.
There is absolutely nothing you could've done better because it was just a wonderful the (unclear) representative was just really helpful and I thank you and I appreciate you and your company.
Well you answered all my questions (unclear) very friendly so I really appreciate her help.
I don't think really anything else the question was answered and the answer was (unclear) and I hope I would be getting the call the next 72 hours thank you very much.
Yes I am (unclear) but sometimes I forgot to ask and did not ask it's a human error maybe or it's my fault thank you.
Everything was awesome I don't think you could have done any more for my questions I sure do appreciate it and you folks have a good day.
Really nothing everything went very smoothly the representative was very knowledgeable and very helpful so that's about it thank you bye.
Nothing could have been done better whoever helped me has done a wonderful job thank you.
Hi I had a very sweet girl help me but the previous helper was named Joe and he was wonderful and he's the reason I called back and I asked this young woman I think her name was Teresa and she said that she couldn't find Joe but I was hoping to when I called that I could get a hold of Joe again 'cause he just did a fantastic job and this girl did a good job too a young woman so I'm happy but I really would have liked to talked to Joe thank you very much.
I think she did everything that she could've done I don't think there was anything else that they could've done she was very good I appreciated it thank you.
The gentleman I spoke to he was wonderful he helped me he was very like a family he was very vocal very nice and he I never spoke to any of your assistants the way he did I thank you and God bless bye.
You couldn't have done it any better I was really appreciated the person I talked to he really helped me out have a great day bye.
Well nothing you could've done better on the call (unclear) was great and I was all everything I got all the information I needed and it was great so no improvement needed on this so thank you very much bye bye.
Nothing at all the agent that I talked to was extremely knowledgeable very helpful and an asset to your company thank you.
I was very satisfied with your representative's response to me (unclear) response (unclear) help to me with my inquiry.
I've been with you all I'm blind and disabled now been with you a long time and I've wondering if you could give him employee of the month or give him a (unclear) pay increase (unclear) he did an excellent job on helping me get the prescriptions over to Optum Rx (unclear) and I just want to let you know that again he did an wonderful job and have a wonderful day.
She was great and she laughed at my stories and she told me a really good one that just kind of made my day so it was a very pleasant talk with her and anyway so thank you and you have a good weekend thanks bye bye.
Absolutely nothing I spoke with Miss Kay she's the epitome of what a person dealing with just getting you should be involved in a very large system should be she was calming she was soothing she didn't make me feel like I was wasting my time and the person I'm speaking about is Jose Diaz and he is a recent member he's joined up and so far everyone we've spoken to in a very big government agency Medicare UHC plan F Advantage have been wonderful thank you.
Karmen was very helpful she answered all my questions so you know there's nothing more that you know I that needs to be improved thank you.
I don't think it could've been done any better I think it was very good thank you very much bye bye.
Your representative was fabulous so it's really hard to say you could've done anything better.
Wake up Optum they weren't very good to me thank you.
(Unclear) you guys was great the service the courtesy the respect everything was (unclear) you guys get A's for that part it's just very courteous and make you feel like you was at home so everything was fine and so you have no problem in that department thank you.
I am completely satisfied with the way the lady answered my questions and I was very satisfied thank you very much.
So I can call my doctor but I can do that on Monday morning everything was wonderful thank you.
And be a little more accurate in saying I'm going to do this right now and they don't do it it is very disappointing and the last lady took care of me very well.
Nothing could be done any better than the service I received it he was a very kind and helpful person and it's always a pleasure to speak with the representatives from UHC.
You could've done nothing no better she done great she was excellent and professional thank you very much I appreciate her time and her effort.
I spoke to Zac from 3:20 until 4:40 and he was wonderful he took care of my insurance needs and so there was nothing that could be done better he did excellent job he was polite he was knowledgeable and he got everything organized so I he's great so thank you for having him as a representative and he's an excellent representative of your company thank you bye.
Everything was great there's really nothing you could do better for me the lady that helped me was awesome a wealth of information very nice very informative and I hope you have more people like that that work for you she was very kind and you guys have a beautiful weekend and thank you so much.
Hi this is amazing on the issue that I had to deal with I had to call about I had different calls and each call that I got everyone was so helpful and no different and this agent Ms Cheryl was absolutely great you hire the best people there's nothing that I can say to make you someone better or make a complaint so I thank you so much and I've just had the last maybe 3 or 4 agents that I spoke with were all helpful they were all friendly professional and very much concerned on what I was calling about so thank you so much I appreciate it and I'm glad to be a member of United Health thank you so much bye bye.
I think you guys pardon me I think you guys are the world's greatest insurance company I could take my hat off to ya you've done a good job every time I use you thank you so much.
Listen Heather was unbelievably helpful she was answered all the questions just unbelievably nice informative on my first question today if I did not include today's she gave us all the information we got it promptly it was excellent probably the best call I've ever had with UHC so big kudos to Heather.
There is nothing that could have been done better I was very very satisfied with (unclear) Tyler oh he was very helpful very courteous and very respectful and I think you did a wonderful job helping me he answered all my questions and I would stay with UHC for the rest of my life I love UHC and I've never had not one problem with anybody who has helped me.
No you couldn't have done anything better the rep Kimberly was awesome she solved both of my problems thank you.
Everybody's been good and answered all my questions thank you.
Nothing your agent was perfect he did everything you could for me and I appreciate good service.
I am very satisfied with the service I've gotten today so I don't I don't know anything that you could do better thank you.
You could have been a little more brief however that was still acceptable so thank you very much.
Could've let me speak to John each time he was the greatest thank you bye.
You did everything great and I don't know that you could've done anything better it was very well handled thank you very much.
I was looking for a ride to a medical appointment and so he was very helpful thank you very much okay bye.
I'm satisfied everything's been satisfaction to me I appreciate everything that was done thank you.
Yes I have no complaints what so ever and he did a perfect job thank you.
There was nothing that you could've done better everything went fine you've always helped us with our questions you've always treated us nicely.
Previously when I got the gentleman first I spoke with a lady but the gentleman he wasn't very knowledgeable so some people do a fantastic job and there's others that don't follow through so I guess everybody be on the same page.
It was just so nice to hear the representative say how may I help you smile today.
I can't think of much else everything went really smooth so thank you very much.
Not a thing you all are wonderful people.
Not a whole lot the guy was from Mexico and he spoke fairly good English so I'm not going to complain and he was very funny he was very friendly so good luck I wish him luck I would thank him.
The customer service rep was wonderful that's why I'm not frustrated when I call to get information she was exceptional and please you know commend her for it thank you.
Well there actually was nothing you could've done better Michelle was wonderful today very helpful and I got a very big kick that she was able to pronounce my name properly no one ever pronounced Chiothe properly and she did and she was pleasant professional courteous kind and we had a lovely little personal chat also and I just want to give her kudos and high five and keep her around and she's doing a great job and I hope she gets a little something or a little extra something for being so kind okay you have a great day now thank you.
There's nothing I think you could've done any better because the person the customer service person that I spoke to was very polite and she was extremely helpful I am so grateful keep up the good work that's all I can say thank you.
I really can't think of anything that you could've done better everybody was great and I just was so pleased with the people I talked to and I don't think you could've done any better.
You couldn't have done anything better she answered all my questions she went out of his way to help me and I am so very grateful to Dawn.
You could not do anything better the people who work for you are fantastic your health whatever that thing is that knew implement it sucks but you have the best help in the whole wide world and I appreciate you guys thank you.
Y'all handled everything very nicely and the representative you had was just great and she needs a raise because I really appreciate it very kind and understanding and answered all the questions alright thank you.
Nothing everything was 100% and I appreciate it deeply the courtesy and answer I got thank you bye bye.
Nothing I was very good I was very informative and we appreciate all the help we could give us thank you very much.
I was completely satisfied with the individual that I spoke with very nice very competent and you know just really friendly and made me feel like you know didn't make me feel like I was asking a stupid question and (unclear) so I was I am I thought she was really great interviewer so thank you very much.
I really can't think of anything else Lori was very efficient and polite and especially patient thank you.
You answered my questions so I don't have anything to contribute thank you.
The representative I got went over and above my questions helped me out tremendously and thank you so much.
Everything was taken care of very well 'cause I don't think there's anything that you could've done better thank you.
I got the questions answered that I needed so I thank you very much.
Nothing really everything been great the main problem I've have is them wanting send out a nurse and I think I'll be in the hospital because the lady wouldn't take no for an answer other than that everything's been great thank you have a wonderful day bye.
My name is (unclear) and not just had a conversation with your representative let me tell you that they are so nice so polite and wonderful and they really help me a lot so thank you so much.
I really everybody's been very respectful I don't have no problems I appreciate it.
I think your representative was very kind very polite and waited for an old man to get the answer to the questions and have a nice day.
I don't believe you could do anything better Cindy was absolutely wonderful she relates to people like crazy and it was a nice conversation I got all my questions answered and I enjoyed that so thank you very much.
No everything was done right everything was done good (unclear) really took very good care of me she was the person I was talking to that's about it alright thank you so much bye.
I don't think you could have done any better you cleared everything and I'm satisfied thank you.
I he was fantastic all of y'all are all great to me y'all just have a wonderful day.
I think if you guys did great so I can't think anything so thank you very much.
I don't think I could have been handled any better than I was the lady was super great thank you.
Nothing everything was fine and I got to a live person pretty quickly so your recordings and all your instructs are not too long thank you bye.
Not a thing Christina was answered all of my questions greatly as have all of your representative you guys are great.
Hello I can't think of anything that you could have done better but I do want to tell you that I talked to a new man named Oscar in your Texas office and he was just awesome he went out of his way to help me to try to help me solve this problem that I'm having with the cost of my prescription which is $500 that I can't afford but anyway I just want you to know that Oscar he is an asset to your company and I just wanted you to know that if you want to talk to me about him my number is 3523368947 thank you very much.
Nothing could have been done better it was a wonderful conversation and I appreciate you being there for me so much.
There's nothing you could've done better everything was okay and satisfaction thank you.
Any time I've used y'all and called y'all you've been quite informative to me.
I can't think of anything I'm just happy with everything it was done very well the advocate was very patient and very nice.
(Unclear) usually that was good it's always good you got to have some bad with the good and for be able to get that's a good thing but service was always good with healthcare thank you.
Actually nothing Nancy who helped me out here did wonders trying to access the website she was very pleasant very patient very helpful and she fixed it up partly had the different of wrong URL etcetera Nancy was very patient she worked me through it you guys are fortunate to have excellent outstanding reps and I'm not notorious for giving comments and I can give you some sites that would verify that I don't give out comments freely so you guys you're really lucky to have Nancy and hope you have a good luck that way thanks.
There was nothing the gentleman was really nice I appreciate it 100%.
I felt like (unclear) did everything perfect thank you so much goodbye.
Oh well everything seems very good so I didn't have any other issue or any comment but thank you so much and I really appreciate it.
I don't have anything to recommend doing better E C Doro was the rep and he was excellent just keep doing what you're doing thank you.
I think whoever trained that young lady should talk to me and answer my questions did a outstanding job if everybody treats everybody like she did me you've got nothing wrong by her being your.
There was nothing you could've done better thank you bye.
Everything was done good and I got a new doctor because my old doctor doesn't take (unclear) thank you very much.
There was nothing you could've done it was taken care of very well thank you bye bye.
There is nothing you can do better for me but thank you and you have a great day.
The girl did great with me and there's nothing she could've done that wouldn't make me any happier so we thank you.
United Health (unclear) don't remember exactly for a year or two I was covered and all of a sudden I was not covered no more (unclear) situation I feel like you know my husband (unclear) you know (unclear) I feel like (unclear) husband died and went to Heaven I wish you (unclear) whatever I hope you understand my point-.
Sometimes my hearing is kinda difficult to understand what's being said and thank you.
Like I said he was extremely helpful and (unclear) he was just I would love to deal with him again any time and like I said thank you very much.
There was nothing further that could've been done but I thank you.
I think you all did really great this time believe it or not and I'm usually pretty critical.
All my questions that I (unclear) so thank y'all very much.
She resolved all of my questions that I had for today so thank you so much.
I think your representative gave to me a very good answer and she helped me a lot and I don't think I have anything to change with you for now.
Our representative was excellent there's nothing that could've been done better so I'm very happy with UHC thank you.
I don't think you could've done anything better today I got my answer and that's all I wanted thank you.
I don't think there could be anything you need different I truly appreciate the speed of which I had my questions answered thank you.
I don't know of anything you could've done better the first person I talked to took care of my what needed to be done and it was very courteous and nice about it so I'm sorry I don't know of anything you could do to improve that but thank you.
So far you've done great there's nothing you can do better but thank you very much bye now.
Nothing everything was perfect she answered all of my questions in a professional and straightforward manner thank you so much bye bye.
She was amazing I had a great time thank you bye bye.
I know of no other thing that you could have done to make the experience any better thank you very much for all of your service goodbye.
Ashley was very good and attended to the (unclear) I ordered on April the 30th and today and finally Ashley was taking care of business hopefully I thought he was taken care of last week (unclear) nice lady but apparently it wasn't so we're trying to get (unclear) and I'm hoping it's overnighted thank you bye bye.
I don't know that you could have done anything better everybody I talked to is very polite and helpful and I'm very much relaxed now that I've got the information so I don't know how they could have done better so thank you.
She helped me in every way answered all of my questions and remained polite and cheerful and respectful thank you very much have a good day bye bye.
Nothing my representative was excellent he gets a 10 on everything thank you.
I have no complaints Miss Sheila was kind patient and answered all my concerns so thank you so very much.
I think it went through today finally and I have talked to you 3 or 4 times at least but you know I know things happen and it's not the end of the world and my teeth haven't fallen out this week.
everyone that I've talked to there and I've talked to you many times in the last 6 months has been extremely helpful and very courteous and thank you so much.
and I had a lot of questions and I did a lot of you know inquiring but she helped me so thank you very much.
the start of the day started out awful but because I spoke with you you reassured me that.
We talk real slow here and you know I can understand most dialects but boy they're just really fast they really talk fast.
Everything was fine you did the right thing and I appreciate that very much.
Otherwise they're very pleasant on the phone and helpful thank you good bye.
Nothing that you could do better Carol was very good very confident and did exactly what we needed and hopefully we'll get it to us in a week thank you.
You did everything fine my problem was solved thank you.
Hi I can't think of anything that you could've done better Rebecca was just wonderful and have an immediate answer for me for my question regarding dental coverage I appreciate that very much and she's doing a great job and need more just like her thank you.
You could not have done anything better the representative UHC (unclear) kind to me in the last month for dealing with my issues I really appreciate UHC and the representatives and how kind and thoughtful they are thank you.
No there's nothing better have to say the lady was very cooperative she had to take the time because you didn't think I needed to know she was very patient with me and she was just wonderful thank you so much bye.
Nothing you could everything was done to my expectations I think her name was (unclear) she was very helpful very professional so you couldn't she could not have done anything better she was just perfect and I'm happy with her professionalism and the way that she treated me and she was very friendly thank you very much.
Nothing could've been done better for me I spoke to a wonderful person name Anisha who solved all my problems and made my day so much better I want to thank you people and especially Anisha she's really worth keeping thank you so much good bye.
I agree 100% what she just gone through with me I agree 100%.
He was very informative I hope that he did everything right.
A matter fact everybody I've talked to has been top notch and I thank you for it too and we'll talk to you later.
I can't think of anything right now that you could've done better 'cause I was very satisfied and the lady I spoke with was very helpful so thank you very much.
I was satisfied with Victor he explained everything to me he's a nice guy.
I don't think there's anything (unclear) just Martisha was excellent and very helpful and (unclear) but she (unclear) thank you.
I don't know all my questions were answered and I was very treated very kind and very courteous I can't thank you enough for everything that you know United Healthcare and everybody there has done for me.
I have had no problem with any calls been very pleased with your service thank you.
That's the only thing that I found unsettling about this experience thank you.
You guy are pretty good today thank you bye.
I think you guys do good every time I talk to you guys.
It's always a pleasure to talk to a representative and I've never been disappointed so I would say there's nothing you could do better.
Well I don't believe there's anything that you could've done better everybody was very nice that I talked to today.
Answered all my questions very kind easy to speak with and wanted to help in any way that he could so thank you very much UHC.
Was fun to talk to and he answered every single question I had so I don't know if you have a way of tracing him but he did a great job and real (unclear) Thank you.
I got a person to answer the phone right away and thank you so much.
The gentleman I spoke to today seems to think that he has corrected it I believe he has so thank you for that.
It was good news for me and the only thing I would say is don't change anything at least from my perspective so thank you.
There is nothing you could've done better for me the representative was on the mark sharp and (unclear) answering my questions thank you so much have a great day.
(Unclear) this so I guess they done fairly at answering my questions but I wasn't always happy with the answers so that's all I can say.
At this present time I really can't think of anything better than what you have done for me and gratefully I appreciate what you have done.
You did everything right and I thank you.
The person that waited on me was so helpful and had such a great attitude and so I really can't think of anything I just really appreciate UHC and I love doing business with you thank you so much bye bye.
My agent was super friendly and professional there wasn't anything I would say you could improve thank you bye bye.
I'm very satisfied with the help I got the knowledge that the gentleman had and well like I say I'm very pleased and I don't think you could've done anything any different to make it better.
That's about it but you very polite about everything.
Everything I needed answered was done a hundred percent so thank you very much.
No really I have no complaints everything was prefect to my satisfaction thank you very much bye.
Nothing you guys did great I was very happy with everybody so thank you very much.
I wanted that booklet thing and they told me when they sent it and that it should be here and I thank you very much for it and you have a nice day.
I'm gonna do my best to resolve the issue myself but there were a lot of things that I would've expected that you could've done for me that you can't.
Don't change a thing everything you did for me was very helpful and please leave it the way it is.
That's one thing you could fix okay I'm gonna assume I can hang up so be blessed everything was very good.
No the call today was exceptional helpful patient she was a delight an absolute delight and helped me tremendously so thank you.
I just want to say nothing could've been better and Debbie was an excellent representative.
I am not hard of hearing but sometimes they talk too fast and they are not very clear so thank you very much.
I don't think you could do any better than the service I got today with Eric so thank you.
There's nothing you could've done better because the representative was Terry provided me excellent service.
You couldn't have done anything better it was excellent service thank you.
You couldn't have done nothing better I appreciate all the stuff you all done for me everything.
I'm sorry I'm I wasn't very happy I'm not sure if I got my whole message across for them to understand so sorry bye.
She answered my question and it didn't take us time at all so I appreciate it thank you so much.
For some reason I was my service was changed (unclear) UHC is no longer the primary and I have (unclear) see that I just think it was just a glitch probably somebody just hit the wrong button and they I don't know what they did (unclear) I don't know but (unclear) he took his tome he talked to the people my doctor's office and spent time talking with other people that (unclear) and he was very nice very patient and told me everything he was going to do and I (unclear) happy you know everything's (unclear) is good and he was very patient and so alright I think that's pretty much it as far as I know my problem's resolved.
Actually nothing I enjoyed speaking with your representative and very knowledgeable.
I think you done really great so thank you.
There is probably absolutely nothing that you could've done better for me because the representative that I spoke to was quite clear was very precise and got all my questions were answered and she did an excellent job in what she does so I need to commend her on that and your people have done an excellent job for me thank you so very much.
Hi I think everything was wonderful and I appreciate everything but (unclear) thank you how do you do this.
Thank you you couldn't have done anything better you've helped me.
That was the only thing that was (unclear) everything I say I (unclear) say (unclear) but so they need to (unclear) okay thank you and bye bye.
The representative may be able to tell us more about the Social Security Administration procedures she was a very courteous but she doesn't know something about the SSA which I don't blame her but it would be helpful if she knows more thank you.
Person I just talked to did real good on my question and they've been fighting it since February 28th so I really appreciate the help.
It couldn't have been did no better than what it was and I thank you all so much.
I had a good experience with the young man that I spoke with he was a little difficult for me to understand but he was super super nice seemed to be a very nice person to represent Optum Rx thank you.
Couldn't have did anything better wonderful thanks Jennifer bye.
But it ran very smoothly today I was connected you know pretty quick and to the right person okay thank you have a nice day goodbye.
Everything was fine the representative didn't need no improvement he's a blessing and I thank him for ordering all these (unclear) everyone have a blessed day.
Well honey I just can't think of anything you've been very good helpful and answered my questions all so I think you're doing great thank you.
Absolutely nothing you guys have been fabulous I thank you everybody is always so nice on the phone and I really appreciate it so thank you so much.
No I don't think anything could've been done better the representative was very helpful thank you.
And she seemed like she cared a lot about my situation thank you.
There is nothing you could've done better Jeanette your representative was excellent absolutely excellent she helped me she took care of every my problems I have no nothing to complain about thank you so much.
And your little buttons all hit that would be really awesome and thank you very much I love my insurance y'all help me out so much and my call today was wonderful thanks again bye bye.
You did everything perfect the girl was very nice there's nothing that you have to do better everything was great thank you.
There wasn't nothing else you could you've done just fine and everything so thank you.
There's nothing you could have done better I was very pleased with the results thank you very much.
I had a very good person talking to me thank you.
I have no complaints you guys have been wonderful thank you very much bye bye.
Hi this is Francis (unclear) and I cannot think of the one thing that you could have done better today the young lady gave excellent service but if I tried to tell you what you could do better it would take more than (unclear) phone call but she did an excellent job the young lady that I had spoken to today.
I don't think there was any way it could have been better the representative that helped me just now was fabulous absolutely fantastic and every representative I've talked to has been absolutely great so I'm happy to be with you thank you.
I don't think you could have done any better the gentleman was very good thank you very much.
I can't think of anything the call I just made for the purpose of changing primary care doctor was handled very well by a well trained and knowledgeable individual thank you.
I was pleasantly surprised well not surprised I was my questions were all answered satisfactorily so thank you very much.
I think everything was excellent and I can't make any other suggestions but thank you.
they have treated my professionally politely with respect I got an accent when I talk English and they've been calm patient with me so they been very good.
Nothing I got all the information I needed thank you and Saquisha was very informative thanks bye bye.
There's nothing you could've done better you done everything just right thank you so much.
I think I'm completely satisfied with the service that I received and I don't think there was anything could have been done better thank you.
But there seems to be very little history that people can find and I've been talking to you guys since March about this thank you.
The service was great and all that so yeah no he couldn't get no better I don't think so.
There isn't anything they could've done for me today because the lady answered all of my questions absolutely wonderful gave me extra information and she did her job plus mine and I'm very grateful for that thank you.
Everybody was very helpful to me thank you bye.
No you're outstanding nothing else could be done thank you very much.
Actually nothing the operator was very nice and explained all my answers all my questions and I appreciate it he was very good thank you.
The guy did help me he was helpful and I thank you.
So it could've been told to me from the very beginning thank you.
I don't know of anything that could have done better for me she was very accommodating and sweet thank you.
Everything worked out really good I can't think of anything that would improve this experience thank you very much.
I don't think anything I he was very pleasant the young man and I he helped me through I'm visually impaired and hearing impaired so we I was very pleased with his help and I hope you all have a great weekend.
the questions that I needed to know they was answered in a way that I understood it and I thank you all so much.
I heard a smile in his voice and whatever we talked about or such he did an excellent job and I couldn't have asked for anyone better and thank you so much for being there for me.
There was nothing you could've done better (unclear) excellent service advisor so I'm very happy thank you.
I was completely satisfied with you today on the matter I needed the question that I had so I had nothing to add was great thank you.
No everything was just fine the gentleman I spoke to did a very good job calling the pharmacy for me and all thank you.
Actually the lady did a wonderful job my problem is I'm hard of hearing and if people could have speak a little more slowly and it isn't just you it's everybody I talked to on the phone other than that have a great weekend.
Well I think everything has been done excellent so I have no complaints or anything the service is excellent.
You were great there's nothing I have to complain about everything was taken care of thank you.
The issue wasn't resolved but it's being worked on so I thank you very much.
I'm sorry I don't have anything to complain about but your representative was very pleasant very respectful and I appreciated that.
Today as I said the girl I have no complaints about her but I'm a little weary to believe that's going to happen because all the others didn't so if she succeeds she's a winner but you know no complaints about her but your system or something is definitely wrong there I shouldn't be calling from October to May to resolve one simple issue thank you.
No complaints everything was handled professionally and courteously like I said no complaints I appreciate it have a good day and goodbye.
There was nothing you could've done better every time I call UHC I get a wonderful person to talk to and they answer all my questions thank you.
You couldn't have done anything better she was terrific thank you.
I can't think of anything this young lady was very clear she explained everything very well it took no time at all for me to reach the right the person and I'm very happy with the results thank you.
My representative was very helpful so there isn't anything you could've done better thank you.
We have nothing what could have been done better for me it was very professional and nice and I am very satisfied with everything thank you very much.
Everything is fine I'm really pleased with Medicare Complete with UHC I just wanna make the comment that Amy was wonderful as is everybody else I've talked to in the past thank you so much bye.
There is nothing you could have done better everything was most helpful since I've been calling just (unclear) about the (unclear) this is the first time I really really got some concrete information about my dentist so I do thank you very much have a great day.
Actually don't know of anything that could have been done any better your representative was very helpful very sweet and kind thank you.
There's really nothing more you could've done the young lady I spoke with was very intelligent very articulate.
Boy I'm not really sure I think you guys did a good job and I just can't think of anything that would've been better.
So other than that I was very pleased with the help she did a very good job thank you bye bye.
Hi this is (Unclear) talking (Unclear) did a good job and helped me with all my questions and you have a nice day.
Actually I can't add a thing that you could've done better the service rep I spoke to was excellent thank you.
It turned okay little girl done a good job it's just a different brand of medicine that's all so thank you very much.
Actually Virginia was very nice and I can't think of anything else that I needed she took care of everything thank you.
I was quite satisfied so I really don't know what I could you could have done better for me but thank you.
Hello you could have no done one thing better your agent was courteous knowledgeable and helped us solved our problem in just like 2 or 3 minutes so we got all the information we needed and we really appreciate her very much she should get a pat on the back or something for this thank you very much.
Chantel was great I'm not aware of anything she could have done any better she was very good thank you so much and have a good day.
I understand it a lot better so thank you.
Absolutely nothing the gentleman was very helpful very polite I would refer you guys to anybody so far so good thank you have a good day.
the nurse gave me thank you bye.
I was very satisfied the young lady I talked to was nice and I feel very relieved and she was extremely nice to me and we got it solved okay thank you so much and you have a nice day thank you bye bye.
I think you should make your questionnaire faster because I have to call the other number that I discussed the problem with and I have to call them so I'm gonna hang up now but I think your questionnaire could be a little faster but you know I would think time is of the essence with me thank you very much bye bye.
I have no problems with the representative I spoke with she was very accommodating and very polite and sweet so I don't have a problem with that thank you.
You done everything that I needed to know and thank you.
My issue was totally resolved the answers I needed were given to me and the representative was outstanding polite courteous and professional I wish most agents or more agents were more like Joann thank you very much.
I had no problem everything was fine I didn't need to second guess or whatever the young lady Carrie was very good and really appreciate the help that she gave so I have no negative nothing negative to say about her everything is positive thank you so much you need more of Carrie in your business you have a blessed day bye bye.
I really do not have any comments on this area every time I call it's perfect reception good access to the department and the callers are very very good thank you.
I think your company's very very nice very direct the lady I talked to very very nice very direct got me right to where I needed not (unclear) I don't give a (unclear) I give a (unclear) you know because she is very nice very direct straight to the point and you know it's warming to me so I thank you guys for all you do and God bless you.
You don't need to improve anything Diane was very very helpful answer my question and I was very well satisfied thank you.
Truthfully it was handled so outstanding there was nothing better that could be done and she was so nice about everything about everything and very informative to us and thank you so very much and please give her a lot of credit.
I got my answer that I needed today so thank you very much.
There was nothing you could do better for me everything was taken care of thank you.
clearly and was very patient with me thank you.
I was satisfied with my service and I don't think you could've done anything better I got the issue solved thank you.
Absolutely nothing Richard did a wonderful job he listened he was very patient probably just to continue to train your reps to listen to the customers requests.
I spoke this morning and I got (unclear) clear by somebody else but please give my regards to Julia one of your representatives.
Every one of the representative I've talked with was awesome helpful kind courteous (unclear) nice.
Absolutely nothing you could've done better 'cause it was a great call and Krista was excellent.
It's I have nothing negative at all to say so thank you.
I think reverting was explained very well thank you.
She does excellent job you guys are doing great I really appreciate you guys God bless.
I know of no thing that you that my representative could have done better for me she was excellent excellent.
Everything was well taken care of I don't think there an needs for improvement thank you very much.
I think you guys have done a great job I really appreciate being with you I've been happy with everything.
It was handled absolutely perfect it was nothing else that you could have done for me you did everything for me thank you bye.
I don't think there's anything she could have done better she was very good (unclear) and willing to help okay? Thank you.
I don't know off the top of (unclear) that she was very prompt and very (unclear) I said no so thank you very much.
I have no issues with you at all and I think you did very well just doing what you did for me.
And she spoke clearly so everything's great bye.
Everything is wonderful I don't have no you know everything is great I love it.
I don't think there was anything that could have been done (unclear) general number which the poor fellow tried desperately to find did find it and gave it to me and thank you did a lovely job and I want to thank him and you and I have to hang up.
Absolutely nothing the lady that I dealt with or dealt with me was excellent answered all questions plus some thank you for training her and thank her for getting to me God bless.
The service today was excellent I honestly can't think of anything you could have done better the service was fast the representative was nice knowledgeable I got the answers I needed I'm very happy with this plan so I can't think of any improvements thank you.
The person spoke to me it was wonderful she explained to me so clearly anybody can understand and that's what the customer wants you know God bless her and God bless you all.
Really nothing the person's always been very polite very cooperative today I talked to a gentleman by the name of Nathan and he was extremely polite and cooperative and he's an asset to your program have a good day.
It was resolved in a professional way I really appreciate it the way it was handled it was handled and I appreciate her for calling me Ms Williams instead of calling me by my first name I really appreciate that thank you.
I don't think there's anything else you could have done the young man I spoke to was very nice and he was very helpful and he (unclear) to be employed by UHC which is wonderful.
I don't there's anything you could have improved on it was a very pleasant experience thank you very much.
I don't have any critique everything you guys are doing everything right thank you I appreciate it.
Absolutely nothing Tatiana called this company that billed me to figure why there were charging me so much and we got it resolved thank you she's great.
Ma'am I do not think that you could have done any better because she handled it real well and I appreciate her very much for what she's done so thanks again bye.
Everything went great everything went great Brian the customer service rep he was very respectable he helped me above and beyond the call of duty and (unclear) and everything was great and thank you bye bye.
Nothing all questions were answered in a timely manner and professionally nothing that I can see that you could better to improve on on what you already excellent thank you very much.
It is pleasure to speak to the representative and everything had been solved I have no more comments thank you.
Everything that I requested was done perfectly and to my expectation and maybe even exceeded my expectation keep up the good work and thank you so much bye bye.
You gave me an explanation of something that I thought you were being ripped off for and I'm very happy with the service thank you.
Nothing you answered all my questions properly thank you.
He had good customer service and I think his name was (unclear) alright thank you.
I don't think you could've done any better thank you so much bye bye.
No there is nothing else you could've done I was very satisfied with the prompt service and knowledge of the agent that helped me thank you.
Actually Karen answered my questions and there was nothing more that I needed so thank yo very much for your help.
I just can't tell you how much I appreciate anytime I have ever called you people it has been a 100 percent great experience.
She's the best one I've ever talked to okay thank you bye.
Nothing I was just pleased with every part of the service today thank you.
You know everything was just perfect so there's not much we can say other than thank you very much and have a great day.
This particular call was handled very well by your person what could be better is things and I got so much paperwork I can't keep up with it and (unclear) I get mostly is nothing covered so I get disappointed in quite a lot of that but anyway that has nothing to do with this call this call was quality all the way thank you bye.
I guess nothing as far as I know she was taking she's going to take care of it at least make a call and see if she can make some sense out of what they had to say so I'm very thankful and she was very nice thank you.
Really nothing I appreciated her help thank you.
There is nothing I believe that you could've done better a woman named Tiffany helped me with patience took the time and I'm just quite impressed with your excellent customer service thank you.
I have no complaints I was real pleased with everything that was done and expedient (unclear) thank you.
Actually there was nothing that they could've done better they were very helpful they answered all my questions and I am very satisfied with UHC thank you.
You couldn't have done anything better the young lady was very helpful she solved all my problems and I really appreciated her thank you.
There's really nothing you could do any more than you already have done very satisfied thank you very much.
Everything was OK I got what the information I needed thank you bye.
Yes the only thing that I think you could have done better is kept her doctor kept accepting United Healthcare so but your representative was very helpful.
You could not have been any better his professionalism is awesome his knowledge is excellent and it was a real pleasure talking with you guys.
Everything was fine with this call Amina helped me today I am very satisfied with Amina's service she was very polite courteous and she was very helpful to me I got the feeling that she was doing everything that she could possibly do to make sure that I received the service that she intended for me to receive today and that service ended up being very satisfied I don't have any complaints about anything today so thank you so very much for helping me thank you bye bye.
That's there's nothing I can do any better they've given me the correct information and they if they had the power to change how things are paid and done that would be great but you know I'm I think I'm in the best situation and not customer service lady did the best job she (unclear) she could've possibly done and I thank you very much have a good day.
I'm happy with the outcome that I had I don't think at this time that anything more was needed thank you.
Nothing everything was fine Jan took very good care of me and answered all my questions efficiently and professionally and I'm very satisfied thank you.
Actually I had talked to a person by the name of Debbie she was wonderful she explained things great and even enlightened me on something that I didn't even know or was aware of your people are wonderful thank you.
The representative Anita was wonderful she couldn't have done it any better she (unclear) for us at the provider's office and she's done everything she can so we really appreciate that and hope that the follow up on it after the review we'll get this settled with them thank you so much.
Nothing everything was just perfect the representative did very very kind and nice keep people like him on the job alright (unclear) trust me he's good alright he's helped me very very much okay thank you.
I was satisfied with everything there's not one thing more that you coudl have done for me.
Really the lady was very polite and answered my questions and I thank you.
Everything was excellent and I really appreciate everything you all have been doing so like I said just keep up the good work thank you all very much bye now.
There was absolutely nothing that you could've done better in all my calls to customer service I have gotten very good customer service every time I've had a question thank you.
Thank you so much but this was as you can see from my responses this was really excellent.
So I had got all my questions answered and everything so thank you all for being so kind and good and patient with us old people so.
Nothing better everything was explained the right way and I appreciate everything and I thank you very much.
You all explained it to me very and I think (unclear) and you all explained it.
I think you guys handled everything fantastic very good thank you.
I don't think it's so much of what you could've done for me your representative was quite helpful and (unclear).
Frankly I think she did everything quite well I am very pleased with the way she handled everything.
I can't think of a single thing Scott was wonderful your service is exemplary.
I can't think of anything you put you really relieved my mind and I appreciate it very much.
Everybody was very generous and answered my questions and thank you.
Information I trying to with the the young lady explained it took me being I'm (unclear) so I was just a little too quick thank you so much for your help.
I'm in my 70's and I just don't do that sort of thing but I have to okay thank you very much goodbye.
I think you pretty much covered everything that I needed and thank you so much.
Everything was great I have no complaints what so ever the lady that I spoke with was very nice very nice thank you.
what the girls did today they were wonderful fantastic and absolutely awesome thank you very much.
The service today was outstanding I couldn't ask for any better so thank you very much.
there's really nothing that could've been done to make it better it was great my representative was fantastic.
I am very satisfied each time I call so there was no comment thank you.
I don't know it was very well done so there's nothing you could've done any better thank you very much have a blessed day bye bye.
Nothing the woman Erica who helped me out was spot on took care of business talk to the appropriate people in the billing department to get my account credited and it was very quick very efficient and completely done to my satisfaction so kudos to her and thank you very much bye bye.
It was perfect (unclear) the representative she was outstanding thank you very much.
Well not understanding what I was saying I guess that was my fault I guess I'm not sure.
Well I think everything was handled in a very timely manner and thank you very much.
There is nothing could have done better Christopher did a wonderful job very very nice and very satisfied with communicating with him and solving our problem.
Actually I don't think there is anything whatsoever that you could've done better for me and the gentleman who helped me was very good.
All of my calls have always been perfectly wonderful and I thank you.
So you did the best you can thank you.
So but I really I can't thank you guys enough enough.
I wish everybody had it like you do and like the young lady was thank you very much.
The representative took the time to get my answer and she did a wonderful job and thank you very much.
Obviously I'm very well satisfied with my encounter this morning with UHC all my problems have been resolved and I've got nothing else to complain about I appreciate it thank you.
My fathers a stage 4 prostate cancer and she understood she answered all my questions she did a great job I was very happy and very satisfied with her service thank you guys.
the young lady helped me thoroughly everything was settled and helpful thank you.
I don't know of anything that could be been done better Amanda was exceptionally nice and helpful thank you.
I think you answered my questions very good.
I think this person that served me today was very helpful and I don't think there's very much more that could have been done.
Not a thing you're very efficient and knowledgeable and I appreciate that thank you.
Everything has been done right I'm pleased with the answers and I got the instructions from the lady that helped me thank you very much have a nice day.
So it's a once and done phone call I think the representative was great he's an asset to your company thank you.
Nothing better everything was perfect she answered all my questions thank you bye bye.
I don't have a specific issue at this time the gentleman answered my questions to the best of his ability I believe thank you.
I really have no idea what you could've done better I just thank you for the help bye.
I didn't get the gentleman's name but he was very helpful and couldn't have done anything more so thank you very much and have a great day.
You know what you guys have always treated me very well and I have no complaints at all and I compliment you on your excellent people they're always really friendly seems like willing to bend over backwards and you guys are great.
Hello first I wanna say the agent I spoke to his name is John was wonderful.
I think that everybody's doing real well and I got my answers very quickly and thank you so much.
I have no improvements they were awesome so you're doing just great.
spoke with Franz and he was very helpful and gave me reassurance not to worry about this recurring situation so I give him 100% all stars whatever so thank you very much.
People want to get to know you instead of just you know thinking that you're a number and that's good 'cause she asked me about the weather and everything.
Everything was just perfect I've dealt with a lot of insurance companies and I'm very satisfied with yours thank you and have a great day bye.
I can't think of a thing Autumn in Missouri at the call center was extremely helpful and informative and pleasant she did a wonderful job thank you bye bye.
Well you've done well she did real good for me.
I can't think everything it was perfect hard to improve on being perfect very nice period.
Actually all my questions were answered I have no concerns thank you very much.
Very courteous very personal professional got done in a hurry good customer service it was wonderful experience all around.
Nothing could have been done better the lady I spoke was very very kind and I thank you for all your help everything was done very well thank you bye.
Everything was fine girls understood what I was saying they answered my questions resolved my problem and I appreciate it very much thank you have a wonderful job.
but it seems like every business you call they have you know these lovely people that don't have a you know correct English speaking tone but we got through with it and I appreciate it very much.
Not very knowledgeable on everything dental and the eye claims too excuse me so very good individual and I'm very impressed with your company.
Everything was done (unclear) really I had like to I really appreciate Emny for helping me out.
Nothing you could've done better well she answered all the questions I needed to know and I appreciate it thank you.
or I got the information that I needed and appreciate it very much thank you.
I don't know what it would've been y'all have been very nice and I appreciate it.
Explaining things to me very easily so you did good I'm very satisfied with you with your company and what you're doing thank you.
Everything was done successfully for me today and I'm very pleased with the service I had thank you bye bye.
I believe her name could be Sharon was an excellent help today thank you.
I'm very satisfied with everything on the call today I can't think of anything you could improve thank you.
all my questions were answered I have no complaints so I don't know what else you could've done better thank you.
There's nothing more that she could've done and I thank you for your service bye.
I don't know what more I could say very happy with your service.
Well all I can say you all did real good.
Nothing I was very pleased with the information I got and Lillian did a great job thank you.
Because I think this is bulls*** Anser Roberts signing off thank you very much.
And evidentially some of the ones I spoke to before did not so I'm really concerned about that thank you.
There is nothing Tammy could've done any better she was absolutely wonderful you guys are really lucky to have her.
There is nothing that you could have done better for me except that I'm going to be calling again for open enrollment in October which I wish would have been a little bit sooner but I know you have certain standards and I'm willing to go by them so I thank you very much for UHC.
I think I got all the information I needed I don't think there could be anymore help that I did I was very pleased with Michael helping me thank you.
I got all the information that I needed and thank you very much.
This was I wish all these companies I deal with were quite as helpful as this and I have no suggestions you're doing very very well.
The one thing you could've done better till I got to the last person I got to you could've not hung up on me so much.
I think it's Maseah oh god I forgot her name already.
Not a thing (unclear) did a wonderful job she did everything she could have and I really appreciate her she was wonderful.
I don't know anything more that could have been done really and thank you so much for your service.
I think you did everything you can at this point thank you.
She was very knowledgeable about everything and I don't know I just can't think of anything else that you all could've done better and I thank you very much.
We got along there is too many times when you get these people who think they can speak English and they interrupt you when you're trying to even answer them this woman I'll tell you what you need more people like her this woman is marvelous.
I received excellent service I don't think you could have provided any better service and I'm quite pleased thank you very much.
Nothing everything was done really in the most helpful way the best it I can (unclear) though was a really good experience (unclear) gentleman that helped me was really helpful I mean he was really very good so thank you very much.
Anyway like I said very well mannered Paul.
However your lady that just helped me today on this phone call they made the correct information she was very polite and very quick and I thank you for that.
I don't have anything you performed excellently thank you.
Not anything at all the lady that answered my question was very informative and very patient and I thank her very much thank you.
I have no complaint UHC customer service has always helped me I appreciate the help and the patience Sierra was very very kind again all your customer service representatives are excellent.
There was nothing you could she could have done better she was very good thank you.
You could not have done anything better this was perfect service the representative her name is Jenny and she was just extremely helpful and very (unclear) girl thank you.
Right now there is nothing that could've been done to answer my questions as they were thank you very much.
Everything went well there's nothing else that you could do for me at this point thank you good bye.
Actually Miss Laura did everything perfect I'm totally satisfied and I think you're doing a great job so no changes on my part.
Than the service I received it was great thank you.
Not a thing that girl was an absolute treasure I mean it she was she went above and beyond I would I could her every time I called and thank you for that and I mean that.
Thank you I had a good clear conversations with the representative Maria however the computers were down so I will call again when the computers are up and running it was not her fault it was a system fault thank you good bye.
Numbers been nothing just waiting to talk to someone you have a good day and thank you.
Couldn't have done anything better the service rep was wonderful and thank you very much.
I don't know of anything better y'all could've did she answered everything she was great alright have a good day.
George really handled my (unclear) inquires perfectly thank you.
She did that a ten so thank you bye bye.
I've been placed on a do not call list because I was getting a call every other week and thank you very much you guys are doing a very nice job and the young lady I just spoke to was very pleasant on the telephone and she did a good job thank you.
The gentleman you know answered all my questions like you know (unclear) I totally understand the.
So Michael whatever his last name is was great and I sure do thank you guys.
But anyway that's the reason I gave 10's all the way is on that but Renee gets 100 or a 10 on all of her the questions concerning (unclear) she was very helpful 10's on Renee in Orlando Florida please goodbye.
I can't think of one more thing that I would've done thank you so much.
Nothing I can think of she handled the call very well thank you.
I don't have anything you could've done for me thank you.
You couldn't have done anything better it was amazing the person that I spoke to her name was (unclear) and she's in I think she said she was in Arkansas and she was amazing she was very good and I hope I get to speak to her again sometime thank you so much.
Nothing could've been improved on all of that reliable professional responsive you guys do a good job thank you.
I couldn't find anything I need to be done better I had great service so I appreciate it thank you.
I don't know what else to say thank you good bye.
Actually I don't think you could've done anything better the she was absolutely delightful thank you good bye.
Your associate was wonderful and I don't think she could've done anything better thank you.
I don't believe you could've done anything better at all it was an excellent experience today thank you.
Nothing I just had some questions and they were all answered properly good job by your associate thank you.
Nothing I think I misread your letter denying me service at a rehab hospital but you allowed me to have you allowed the service at St Mary's which is not a rehab hospital and I panicked and thought my stay wasn't covered so it's my fault I apologized I talked to my daughter I didn't remember all of this and I apologize so thank you very much.
Everything was done for my satisfaction I don't think there's anything that you need to do to improve thank you.
There was absolutely nothing you could've give me better the gentleman he was very good he answered all my questions and even helped me more than I really called for thank you very much and have a great weekend bye bye.
Lisa was excellent I don't think you could have gotten any better thank you.
Absolutely nothing they the gal I spoke to was wonderful she got me the information and she's gonna take care of calling the doctor and everything I couldn't be more pleased thank you.
He was great and just 4 all the way so he so he a customer service (unclear) the one today did great yes so he's number 4 all the way alright thank you so much.
I know of very little that they could've done to made it more pleasant and to get this matter resolved and (unclear) that I don't have to go through this again and I thank you very much.
I don't know of anything that could've done any better they helped me a lot and I appreciate it and thank you.
Crystal helped me and she was great I don't think you could've done anything better she answered every question she did everything perfect even made me laugh a couple of times so all I've got to tell you is go for crystal you need to give her a raise.
Austin who was my customer service representative did an outstanding job he actually was very thorough and answered my particular questions which rest my reason for calling and it really wasn't anything that he could've done better he was very good at listening to what I had to say and addressed my concern so thank you so very much Austin you did a fine job keep up the good work thank you also UHC I'm so glad to be a member bye.
Nothing your response was very quickly there was no waiting time and the lady knew her stuff so nothing thank you bye bye.
I'm sorry I have nothing that you could've done better I am very satisfied with the results that I just received.
I know what to tell them now and so that's all I got to say and I thank you.
Nothing I was very satisfied with the lady that helped me thank you.
I'm satisfied completely with the answers I received and the information that was given thank you very much I appreciate it.
Actually everything was done very well this (unclear) I spoke with was wonderful and pleasant he's very informative and even (unclear) days ago the gentleman I talked to he was fabulous too just want to say that thank you so much.
You know you was always so helpful in answering my questions I don't know what you could've done any better you answered my question as honestly as you can and I'm satisfied with your.
Talking to the young lady that I just spoke with she answered all my questions and gave me a little hope thank you very much.
Actually I don't think of one thing all of the my questions that I've had were answered and I'm assuming that it's all gonna be the way I was told and if not I'll let you know but I'm very confident that everything's been taken care of so thank you so much.
I was really satisfied with this service everything was very good thank you so much.
Everything went very well I can think of nothing to be needs attention or improvement thank you.
You do everything so well and I appreciate your help so much any time I call I can always get an answer that's logical you know and I appreciate it very much and all of you have a blessed holiday weekend thank you.
Richard handled my question and got me my answer very quickly he is a superb customer service and I thank you so much.
Nothing you did everything okay you couldn't have did anything else better he explained everything to me thank you.
As usual so far I have been good experience when I talk to the members of UHC they help me as much as they can make me understand things that are very gray for me and I thank you I hope continue to do that for (unclear) I thank you and I will be (unclear) for them more questions (unclear) answer have a good day bye bye.
I really don't think there was the young lady that helped me was very friendly professional took care of all my needs went out of her way to make an appointment with a new doctor for me I don't think I could've asked for anything else from anyone and I thank you all very much and you all have a good day.
I was perfectly happy with my contact today thank you again bye bye.
if that's the highest this is the one I can tell to her thank you very much.
You've done everything better there's nothing that you did wrong so I appreciate it thank you.
The one thing you guys could do better is make it where I don't have to call you back so often feels like I call you guys at least 2 or 3 times a week just make sure things are what I get told me I mean thank goodness I got the very nice young man that assisted me today he was very astute very quick with his information but please you guys you need to figure out a way to make it where I don't have to call you 3 times a week just to make sure information is correct it just should not work that way that is ridiculous thank you.
Hi I got the information I needed from Marco who is very pleasant professional and helpful I have no criticisms constructive or otherwise to add so yeah well done Marco thank you.
First of all (unclear) was just adorable she's just delightful to talk to I guess she could have somebody come to my house but no I'm happy she found she looked up and got people and actually came up with somebody right there on the street for me which is wonderful so that and she was very clear but she also did say you know if they're not answering your questions here's where you need to call they can help you further so I've been very happy so far so thank you very much and take care.
She explained it to me I'm very happy with the service thank you very much.
I found out what I wanted to thank you bye.
I don't have any comment to make other than I just appreciate your help thank you so much bye bye.
I've worked customer care so I definitely know what a stellar job it is and he did thank you so much bye bye.
There is nothing you could have done better for me the girl that I talked to was wonderful very very helpful very personable and excellent at her job thank you.
Nothing could be better she was very very nice her name was Rosemary I you know I never have they always answer all my questions thank you bye.
You have done the best there's nothing any more that I could add because it was the best and you have beautiful service thank you God bless you.
They were very good I can't think of anything better they're really helpful and answered all my questions thank you.
I got the answers to my questions and I've gotta do a little bit more research within UHC to see which is the best for me I'm a new retiree so thank you very much it's always been actually a pleasure talking with UHC people.
Really there's nothing you could've done better for me Brandon was awesome he was very patient with me.
what I wanted done you guys did it very good and professionally thanks I appreciate it.
The representative (unclear) was very pleasant and he had knowledge of what he's talking about so gave me the right selections of to which one to follow and I'm going to do that thank you very much UHC thank you so much bye bye.
You could do nothing better I spoke to Andrew and he was friendly he was quick he was efficient I was really pleased it was a really quick call and I'm just really happy with him and it seemed like every time I called UHC I seemed to always get good people so you guys hired the best Andrew was really really nice I just wanted to make a remark to let you know how great he is and how friendly and nice and quick thank you.
Your thing it takes kind of long but it's okay it was very good thank you.
All of my questions were answered completely with me understanding very good experience thank you.
And that was wonderful the last call was the best and he was really caring and (unclear) took her time to give me what I needed thank you so much bye bye.
To be honest with you she was excellent and I didn't have if she answered all my questions she was very efficient very knowledgeable and she was just excellent thank you.
There wasn't anything that could be done better I'm totally satisfied and customer service rep was extremely helpful thank you.
Nothing everything was excellent and this woman Alicia helped me in ways that I didn't even realize I needed to help and I appreciate that thank you so much bye.
I'm not sure there was anything she could've done better for me thank you very much.
The gentleman was courteous and handled all my needs I appreciate it thank you.
You all did amazing job answered my question I really appreciate supervisor and the representative that was helping me I really thank you I don't have no complaints and anybody who asks me I will recommend me to recommend me to your guys thank you so much.
I can't think of anything that you could've done better for me Joe Actually did the best job that I have had heard anyone give as far as an explanation about what UHC Part D what pays and what it doesn't pay and what the cost is for my particular self in terms of my medication so it was a very educational discussion with Joe and I really appreciate how he basically if you will dumbed it down enough so that I can understand it and not feel overwhelmed bye the whole thing which is how I felt for over a year now every time someone tried to explain it to me Joe did an excellent job so I can't say anything that needs upgrading as far as your help desk at all he was terrific and very respectful and I appreciate it.
The representative was absolutely wonderful he answered all my questions even went out of his way with some of the explanations and you know I'd say that he had a great attitude and he's helpful and everything so you know put in a high compliment for this individual.
Everything went really well James helped me and gave me a lot of closure thank you.
Well I don't think you could have done anything better I had the most knowledgeable agent (unclear) very pleasant very professional you should be very proud of him his name was Donald he answered my questions without hesitation he was just a very very knowledgeable and professional and his performance was exemplary it was you should be very proud of this young man and so I was very pleased with him and my question was answered and so that's about it.
Today's call was excellent very polite nice and answered my questions and I felt very satisfied thank you.
Vicky explained the reason for my large copay that I hadn't met my deductible and so there was really nothing that you could've done better you did a great job thanks bye.
Have more operators so you wouldn't have so wait so long to talk to them but it was good I appreciated what she did thank you.
No I think the Marley did a very good job of explaining what my options were and I'm very appreciative of it thank you very much goodbye.
Actually there was nothing the agent did everything above and beyond for what you need to do to try to settle this issue I have with Norton hospital thank you.
I don't know anything that you could've done better 'cause the lady answered all my questions and cleared everything up and I'm very happy with UHC.
So I think you're doing great thank you.
I probably should have hit four I didn't understand your criteria exactly but everything was done well thank you very much.
And I don't think she could've done any better thank you have a blessed day.
I got all the information I needed and thank you very much.
Understood everything he said and he understood everything I said and that's most unusual these days so thank you very much.
There was nothing you could've done better the lady that helped me was wonderful thank you.
You did everything alright so there was nothing else that you could've done any better thank you.
I don't have an answer for that it was very satisfactory thank you for your help.
and I the person I talked to just now was very courteous thank you bye bye.
I don't think there's anything more you could do thank you very much.
I don't know what you could've done better for me I'm just so thankful that the young lady that I just talked with was very helpful (unclear) talked to another lady and it wasn't that she wasn't helpful.
Everything that you did was very good and I don't have any complaints and thank you so much for giving me the information that I needed.
Like I said I mean it and like I said I appreciate you dear.
The representative I talked to she was (unclear) but she was just really really nice everything was nice thank you thank you.
Every call that I have made to Optum Rx have been I'm sorry I'm talking to UHC whoever I'm talking to have been very helpful and always answered my questions very courteously and I really appreciate it thank you.
So that's what I was hoping for and that's what happened so thank you.
Really nothing he was excellent he answered my questions and he was good thank you thank you very much.
I could not understand most of what the young man that spoke to me did he said I don't know if he was reading too fast or he (unclear) over all anyway I got all (unclear) that (unclear) call but thank you goodbye.
Nothing everything was handled very well this pleasant young lady helped me so I get everything taken care of thank you.
It was wonderful she did everything we had a very good experience thank you.
Nothing could have been done better (unclear) was very helpful very kind and I don't know I can't say enough about her thank you.
I have called my questions were answered very promptly and very thoroughly thank you.
Nothing you were fine you were excellent thank you very much.
The young lady answered all my questions on Memorial day which surprising which is great so thank you very much.
I don't think you could have done anything better (unclear) had a very nice representative well mannered well spoken understood everything she was saying had no problem with that so thank you y'all have a blessed day.
he answered my questions and was very positive and so I think you did a superb job and I don't have any suggestions bye.
all my questions answered you know I'm so blessed and pleased.
you couldn't do nothing better because y'all answered the questions to me and faithfully and I appreciate what everything that he has done for me.
But it might've been easier if she just said let me email you this information but she was terrific thank you.
Oh nothing better she was very nice I thank you bye.
Well it was excellent service she gave excellent service so I don't have anything else to say and I appreciate it thank you.
I'm very satisfied with her not no problem there I guess you guys just don't do that I don't know.
Nothing the representative Andrew answered all my questions I was satisfied thank you guys I appreciate you have a blessed day.
There wasn't anything you could've done better this young woman really did a lot to help me and I thank her so very much.
No the girl that helped me was very helpful and she got me some answers today and that's all I need thank you.
You were she was great and helped me with everything thank you.
Best one I've talked to so far thank you bye.
And the person I spoke with was so nice and you can't beat that thank you.
Everybody well I talked to two people very nice people.
The person I talked to Victoria today was very pleasant and she explained everything to me so great job thank you bye bye.
Everything was very good she answered all my questions efficiently and fast thank you very much bye.
The girl is working on a thing for me and she is gonna call me back tomorrow and I'm sure everything is gonna be settled thank you very much.
And the representative was very helpful and also volunteered and without hesitation to send me a reprints I thought I lost mine and I'm very happy with her service so thank you very much have a great day bye bye.
I was totally satisfied with the service that I received today and the call was very informative and cooperative thank you so much.
Actually I don't think you could've done anything better your representative was very professional and knew exactly where to look and got everything accomplished for me and I'm completely satisfied thank you very much.
I don't think there was anything else that you could've done better any more about me and pleased with the service that I received today thank you.
I don't know how you could've done any better it was quite satisfactory thank you.
There is absolutely nothing that you could've done better for me the call was handled unbelievably well I mean your representative was incredible her name is Jermelia and she is absolutely fabulous hold on to that one she's a real gem thank you very much for all your help.
You've done everything that I asked you to do there's nothing you can do that's better.
I could not think of another thing Vinny was the person who talked to me on the line she was mighty good wonderfully good to me very understanding and she helped me I thank you for that.
Nothing at all I got exactly what I needed from this phone call so thank you very much.
I talked to William in Mexico and he was very helpful answered all my questions plus more so I really think your guys are doing a great job and okay.
(Unclear) answered all my questions and everything was handled with respect and everything was fine she answered everything just great and I am so thankful that I do have UHC as my primary insurance.
I don't think there's anything that she could've done better for me today thank you very much.
There was nothing you could've done she was very awesome informative very professional thank you very much.
I think I hit the wrong numbers on the start with a couple of questions they're not 0's they're supposed to be 10's but you all are very professional and very helpful and I thank you.
She answered the questions I needed and you know I'm very satisfied so I have no problem with you people so have a good day.
I think that my service was extremely I'm very satisfied with the service with the agent that I spoke with and really I can't think of anything at this point where I'm not satisfied but I do thank you very much it's got a wealth of information to help me and my family and thank you.
I have no problems today thank you very much couldn't have done it any better.
I think you handled it very well thank you.
I think she was right on the money so thank you very much.
You did excellent for me all my questions were answered and I appreciate you.
No you answered you were very helpful and I appreciate that.
BUt he just did everything professionally and like a true gentleman and I just want to thank you.
A courteous man very nice and I was happy that they received that you received the power of attorney I sent so thank you very much.
So I wanna be do right 'cause you all have been wonderful to me and I'm really satisfied with you all thank you.
Actually nothing I think that the customer service representative really went beyond in helping me so I appreciate all the help thank you.
Golly I'm not sure what you could've done better it was very good.
Austin is sending me everything that I've asked for and need thank you appreciate your help bye bye.
It was settled and things were very nice and this person who handled it did (unclear) excellent job and thank you very well and have a good day.
You did everything perfectly you satisfied me and you made me feel better about my question.
Nothing that I know of had it sensationally and I thank you very much.
I mean it's just to me it's very nice.
I'm always pleased because my questions get answered very suddenly and very courteously so thank you.
The fellow that I had I'm sorry I didn't get his name but he was just one gigantic help to me answered all my questions and it's a pleasure calling you guys.
You guys are great to talk to and you answered all my questions and always every time I call you guys it's just been great.
Okay I'm learning as we go along and not being sick all along it's all of a sudden getting these bills it's been real frightening and she said not to worry so I do thank you for that.
I don't know of anything that she (unclear) and thank you very much bye bye.
I wish I could well I guess there's not really anything I could change right now 'cause she did everything great.
Very disappointing if you wanna call and discuss with me I would be happy to talk to you and-.
Well I don't think you could've done anything better Danielle was wonderful very helpful.
You answered my questions and I appreciate it very much.
I talked to a very nice lady and she did everything good (unclear) the problem solved thank you very much.
Everything I was requesting as far as questions go were all answered and taken care of for me and I appreciate that very much thank you.
It was a great phone call very helpful very polite and bottom line I got what I needed to have done so it was a pleasure just don't change anything wonderful conversation so thank you and I hope that your other customer service people are nice and as pleasant as the one I had today thank you.
I received all the information I needed thank you bye bye.
So I cannot complain she was just fine thank you.
Aaron whom I was speaking to was awesome and took care of my problem was very considerate and everything so I thank you very much.
Nothing really everything went smooth and I appreciate this insurance and I appreciate you guys bye bye.
Everything was fine with the phone call I don't think you could have done anything better and thank you so much bye.
I don't think there's nothing else you could have did everything was courtesy and absolutely nice and I appreciate it.
The one thing you could've done better is like to have someone to speak to an English person that speaks English because when they speak Spanish and you don't speak Spanish it's hard to understand them clearly and they're not speaking distinctively English.
She did that job right quick so now I need the survey to be over thank you I love United Health.
There was nothing you could've done better the representative was excellent and I just appreciate you all so much thank you for your kindness.
There's nothing more they are good at what they do and they're very professional and I appreciate their help thank you.
In every respect of anything I ever needed so thank you.
I don't think you could've done anything better for me a lady names Jessica handled my questions and took really good care of me.
Nothing I am 100 percent pleased with Lillian she was outstanding I appreciated her a great deal.
So everything it was a very good call I'm glad I called so everything's going really well right now with UHC.
you're very helpful you can't do nothing thank you.
No biggie wonderful call very quick and expeditious I'm very happy with United thank you bye.
Spoke to Jenner and she was helpful responsive courteous I can't really think of anything she could've done better thank you.
not y'alls fault at all specially not hers she was very helpful thank you.
We were extremely happy with the assistance we received and I have no further comments I'm gonna hang up.
You could not have done anything better the service was excellent and Walter took care of our situation very well.
I don't think there is anything that could've been done better everything was done as well as it could be and Lisa took very good care of me and I'm very satisfied thank you.
Well I can't think of anything you could've done better Jesse helped me out and she called the doctor's office and made sure they were on the plan gave me their addresses phone numbers very helpful and I appreciate that very courteous and very professional and I thank you for this opportunity bye bye.
Nothing could be done any better I mean the representatives are terrific they give me the information you want they're very courteous very kind I can't say anything wrong thank you very much.
Really nothing because I wish I could say something 'cause I am very critical but this is the best you know in the beginning when I said this is the best customer service possible (unclear) when you're gonna speak to somebody who's the best you really mean it you guys are great bye.
Hello well actually I'm very pleased with there's nothing you could've done better appreciate the courtesy and professional response of both ladies I talked with.
I talked to Chris nice young man and everything is absolutely perfect I'm so happy with you people so thank you very much.
Well you did everything correctly and that's amazing now a days but I was very pleased no problem at all thank you.
Sent me send me a list of the pharmacies by mail that's it other than that Ashley the girl that took care of me was very good and you should give her a raise God Bless you.
I don't think there was anything that I could've been informed of any differently the young man who helped me was Michael his attitude and wonderful distribution made the phone call incredible he was very thorough and very articulate and I hope if I have to call back again that I could speak to the very same young man if not he needs to be able to train all employees if they're not all just like him have a wonderful day and thank you for providing insurance thanks bye bye.
This is Pat Moffit and thank you first of all to all of the people that I've spoke with from Joanna Morales to Kevin to Roe to Yolanda and the people who helped me over the last couple of months with this claim I guess a comment would be each time I called I got a different representative and because of the situation with this claim it took a while for each one of them to get up to date on what was going on and I understand that is there anyway to request the representative so that all of that wasn't necessary thank you.
I think it was easy to understand and very explained everything very well and I can't think of anything that you need to change at this time very satisfied thank you.
This person this individual was very polite very intelligent very kind and please I hope you know who they are and I'm sure you do and they did a give them a raise or whatever you do.
Well so far I got all the answers I needed and thank you very much.
Nothing my representative was fantastic really helped me out I appreciate her thank you bye bye.
I can't think of one thing you could've done better it was well explained and well received by myself and I feel well satisfied with the whole conversation and the enrollment thank you so much.
There wasn't anything more I was completely satisfied service was good thank you.
Nothing actually the person Anna that helped me did a great job about took care of everything and I'm happy thank you.
There's really not anything you could done better Joe who was stationed in Manila was exemplary he was definitely management material he was just fantastic he was went overboard to be helpful he gave me so much helpful information I really appreciate it.
I don't think there was anything you could've done better she was absolutely wonderful very considerate and connected and not pressuring me at all so thank you very much.
Not sure that you could have done anything better than what the young lady did for us very professional listened very well and handled all my requests right to a T very much appreciated thank you.
He went beyond what I needed and did some research for me so I thank you all very much.
Nothing (unclear) my claim was handled very professionally and thank you to the service representative that helped me.
I spoke to Deandre and really there is nothing you could've done better for me.
I don't see anything a problem and the lady was very nice and very knowledgeable (unclear) she know what she's doing (unclear) so I don't see nothing to improve yet.
I had been on the phone earlier today and they were nice and polite and everything but they weren't as knowledgeable as Rico was so thank you thank you very much bye bye.
The person I talked to was very helpful and I don't think there's anything you could have done better he answered all my questions thank you.
Actually you were very courteous and very helpful and I don't think you could've done anything much better than you did.
I do want to say though that sometimes in your representatives enthusiasm it doesn't sound sincere you know.
so there's nothing you can do about it I guess but Jennifer the girl that helped me was very pleasant and tried to be helpful but she can't do too much about that either.
I don't think you could've done anymore better for me you very efficient and very I was very pleased.
So that's what I would do that's what I'd change but everything was great and so thank you.
She answered all my questions and it was really a tough one so thank you very much United Health.
Actually at this call there's nothing that you could've done better because this gentleman Raymond was absolutely right on top of what I he helped me so much.
That there's nothing else I could add he was a very good customer service representative for your company.
Not sure at this time everything the young that helped me with was outstanding thank you.
The service from the representatives I had this morning was excellent thank you is all I can say excellent.
Y'all did 100 percent good thank you bye bye.
But I got it all cleared up and the lady that helped me was wonderful so thank you very much.
I know now what I need to do and I've already done it so thank you.
You were very courteous the best I've ever had okay thank you bye bye and I guess there was a form I did fill out it was easy I forgot about that okay bye bye.
I think the customer service rep is very good I don't she was kind she was patient and she resolved my needs thank you have a good day.
It was (unclear) to hear I think that's the representative was kind and nice he (unclear) the point and he give me he answer my question I am (unclear) absolutely pleased that it was today most of the work that he did for me today.
I don't think there was anything better that you could have done because the customer service representative I spoke to Tamika was very very informed in what she was doing and she helped me to understand quite a few things and she written down what I needed to know you know to help me out in the future so she was very good very courtesy and keep people like her she's a very fine person and I really enjoy talking to her and thank you very much for having such a nice lady her name is Tamika thank you very much and have a great day.
I spoke to a lady named her name is Rene she couldn't have been any done anything any better and explained it to me I hope all your employees explain this to customers like her she did super nice thank you.
I'm a new member and I called and there is nothing you could have done better the lady was absolutely wonderful and I thank you very much bye bye.
I was completely satisfied I loved this insurance company thank you I have no recommendations everyone is I've ever talked with pleasant and nice and helpful and concerned thank you.
I'm sorry my first answer should have been a 10 I put a 0 in 'cause I didn't know I could use 2 digits I don't think there is anything else to help with I spoke with Kirk who is absolutely wonderful very knowledgeable and gave me all the information I need so that's my only comment thank you.
I think that you did better for me by answering my question to the point and expending your time to talk to me.
I don't know of anything you could've done better the representative Chris answered my question and that was very helpful thank you so much.
The customer service rep was very helpful I do not see any area that needed improvement thank you.
There wasn't anything what I called for was taken care of thank you.
I don't even have one thing that you could better the service with because you are all wonderful thank you very much for helping me.
No there's nothing you could have done better it was a terrific call you really helped me and I appreciate it thank you.
I think you did very well in all matters so thank you.
There is nothing you could have done better but you can do this Adrienne helped me he was a wonderful representative of your company.
And the last lady I spoke with a few months ago she was very good too and professional so just to let you know fix your music thank you bye.
Nothing really the employee was very informative and helped me a lot thank you (unclear) think I just hang up.
Nothing all you girls and all the guys have been unbelievable and we appreciate everything you've done for us.
There's nothing it was all done as perfectly as it could be done and I thank you.
So he did everything I asked thank you bye.
She did a good job but I'm gonna look into this a little bit more and find out what's going on here and certainly (unclear) she did very nice job and thank you very much bye.
You did everything that we needed or required thank you very much and have a good day.
Nothing I was quite happy so all the results (unclear) my questions were answered thank you very much bye.
Yes (unclear) couldn't have done anything more than what she did she was great thank you.
Nothing better other than I spoke to Roberta and she was excellent high quality very very good very (unclear) treat me very good that's it bye bye.
Hi no you couldn't have done anything better I called to thank you and I spoke today I spoke to William and I just wanted to thank you guys I got a call yesterday saying my medicine would be shipped and be here before the 6th of June cause that's the day I'm gonna work for the election and explained to the person at the time 'cause I don't want any packages because I'm gonna be away for the day anyway so they called yesterday they said it had been shipped and I got it today this morning so I really appreciate it made my day 'cause it hasn't been going that well okay alright thanks so much bye.
There was nothing that could have been better Shanane is an excellent excellent employee thank you.
But it's not the guy who helped me today he did very well so anyway thank you very much bye.
Nothing better the service was excellent and Tony the assistant that (unclear) to me was excellent thank you.
I appreciated it very much bye now.
Actually you've done beautifully for me.
I don't know what you could've done better because the young gentleman I had his name was Ed was thorough and helpful and did extra.
I don't know but anyway I got that straightened out and thank you.
I mean I know as far as I know there's nothing really that needs to be done to I just wanted to say how helpful she was and nice and courteous and she did help me resolve my problem so I just want to tell you I appreciate that.
I'm very satisfied with all the information of I give up I just give up I thought it was fixed but it's not so I'm just going (unclear) thank you goodbye.
Really nothing else more that I well you did good.
I mean that's the best she could do but I mean my.
You should have every call the way Walter handles calls because he cared he talked to you he treated you with respect.
That's all I can say is excellent and thank you.
Everything all my questions were answered and I suggest you pay these people really well because they're really good at their job.
You answered all of my questions and you did it in a professional way but thank you I really do appreciate it.
They gave me the information I needed and thank you very much.
Enjoyed talking to the agent and I have no problem with you guys thank you.
everyone I've spoken to all the years I've been with you it's been wonderful.
Ivory the representative was very thorough in helping by answering my questions thank you good bye.
Nobody's perfect that's why I gave nines thank you good bye.
the (unclear) book with the coverages in it was quite confusing free standing facility versus not free standing facility was the question but I will resolve that I thank you for your service thank you good bye.
I got better results than I expected thank you very much.
You did very well I'm very satisfied thank you.
There's nothing else you could do for me and I appreciate you all's kindness.
I think everything was taken care of so beautifully that I don't think I could've improved on that service I was very happy and very satisfied thank you.
I think it was pretty good they answered the questions and they ask you they help you you know asking you question that needed to help so I am happy very happy with thank you.
Everything was completely satisfying I cannot think of anything that would make it any better I appreciate everything that's going on thank you.
Everything was excellent the representative her name is Shonte was totally cooperative and she did everything she could to help me you have a very valued employee there thank you.
There's nothing better the lady who helped me is excellent excellent talking words because I'm an old lady smaller not a smaller voice anyway she was an excellent lady I have nothing else to say.
I was completely satisfied everything was done to my expectation so there isn't anything that could've been done better thank you.
actually the information I got was exactly what I'd been hoping for but it was very pleasant and cordial thoughtful and correct and you know reliable so I really can't think of anything that could've been better.
I can't think of anything the lady was very polite and I have enjoyed this Medicare ever since I started thank you.
No I just don't think I could've had any better help yeah so I thank you I thank everybody that does the hiring and everything there that the woman that helped me was just wonderful I can't thank you enough you guys have a great day and thank you and UHC bye.
Actually my concerns and information were answered and my representative was very professional and I really appreciated that thank you.
Oh you couldn't do anything for me (unclear) I can't pronounce her name but oh she was so helpful and I appreciate her so much she just everything I asked for she had the answer for and I just appreciate her help and appreciate my insurance and thank you so much for the people that I've dealt with they've all been really nice and I (unclear) I believe I've taken the survey (unclear) it was very helpful to me so she should get a star for sure beside her name okay thank you very much.
Oh very helpful I have never (unclear) you helped with.
I wish I had gotten been told when I signed up that's all thank you.
Was excellent service I have no complaints whatsoever she was very wonderful thank you very much and have a great day bye bye.
The person who handled my call was extremely helpful and pleasant it is nice to be pleasant thank you so much and have a good day.
I was very pleased so I'm calling back to make sure I have it down thank you.
It was very satisfactory there's nothing more you could have done to solve my issue it was handled very efficiently by your employee thank you so much bless your day.
I have nothing that you could have done better the two people who helped me were absolutely polite straight forward and honest and I appreciate your time and your effort on my part thank you.
Everything turned out fine as far as I know we'll find out what the end result is thank you for your time bye.
Usually understand my accent next time I'll try to go with the Spanish okay but it's not your fault guys okay thank you but it was a nice service I had alright take care bye bye.
I don't think you could've done anything better the person that waited on me was excuse me extremely helpful I wish that I could have her in the future can't remember her name but she was excellent she was from Missouri and she was excellent thank you.
I don't think that you could've done anything better I spoke with Lola and she was wonderful informative answered all my questions very polite nice and courteous I was just extremely happy with the experience.
There's nothing you could've done better your representative was terrific and he answered all my question and he informed me of things that I wasn't aware of I don't think I've had a better experience with customer service as I had with UHC bye.
Nothing else I got everything I got all the information I needed thank you bye now it was very helpful bye now.
Well he have done good job so far and then when I call I got the information alright they provided me good help also so I don't think you need to do anything more done better thank you.
I enjoyed talking to Keisha she's very efficient and very satisfied thank you for helping me out bye bye.
Actually I can't think of anything I got right through to a live person which is something I greatly appreciate it Sebastian was knowledgeable very helpful and gave me all the information I needed it was a real good experience thank you.
I got all the information I need thank you goodbye.
I think my representative was informative she's professional and I think she was concerned about my questions and she did a great job that's all I have to say and thanks have a good day.
You the person I talked to was great thank you.
I don't know what you could have done better I mean I called I got the answers that I was looking for the person I spoke to was amiable she just she carried herself like she genuinely cared and wanted to help me okay and that's the most important thing to me when I have to talk to a medical facility is that the person shows empathy and a willingness to help me 'cause I'm when you're vulnerable like I am that's very important okay and the young lady I spoke to met that challenge she was amiable she gave me the answers that I was looking for and I'm very happy with her and UHC thank you very much.
I'm not sure what you could do any better 'cause y'all in some way y'all do good some (unclear) you don't do good and I don't know which way be better to explain it to you and okay (unclear) thank you very much goodbye.
I think it was done well today thank you.
I am very satisfied I feel like all issues have been resolved and now I'll just wait and see the response thank you.
(Unclear) couldn't have done anything more I really appreciate everybody's help on this thank you so very much Judy L Brown thank you have a blessed weekend bye.
she knew what she was doing she helped me and I can't think of anything to say that you can improve she did everything I needed and like I said she was knowledgeable so that's all I have to say thank you so much and you have a wonderful day bye.
I've been totally satisfied with the help I got thank you.
Could not have done anything better the representative was excellent thank you.
It was a good conversation she was knowledgeable and I got my questions answered thank you so much good bye.
Actually I think everything went very smoothly and quick so I don't really have any complaints so thank you bye.
All I know is I'm completely satisfied and thank you.
I don't think there's anything you could do better for me because the person I was on the phone with was very nice and very helpful thank you so much.
I have no complaints at all your representative Penny was absolutely helpful she was a gem and she resolved everything thank you.
There is nothing you could've done better the operator was very polite and full of information and solved my problem I thank you guys very much.
Everything was fine I appreciated Yolanda's comments and she gave me comfort and solved my problem thank you so much.
Yes nothing could been better today hoe wonderful customer service person and she gave me more than enough information that I needed and lead me to the correct website where I can go in to detail with the information she was wonderful and thank you again for all the wonderful employees at UHC and this on was really very good thank you.
She couldn't she was very helpful she could not do better than she did I would give her A and a A + A she was very manner able very kind and very sweet thank you and I wish the rest would be like her very sweet alright bye bye.
There's nothing else you could've done you resolved the issue to my satisfaction I thank you very much.
I cannot think of a single thing you were great God bless you bye.
Everything was done perfectly and professionally done and I was very satisfied thank you and (unclear) is very professional the person that helped me have a great day and I hope the feedback helps out in any way thank you bye bye.
Everything was great my customer service is treating me was respected she was very thoughtful clear and I gave you a top notch number 4 on everything thank you very much.
Right now I don't have anything to say so I think you are doing good thank you.
You're I believe you're doing everything great and I you we're very happy with you and you I don't think you can get any better.
I could not understand anything she said but thank you very much.
No you could've done nothing better she was excellent she answered all my questions she helped me find the doctor we got a new card coming in the mail my husband I am totally happy and satisfied and thank you for your time.
He went out of his way to call my pharmacy and he was just wonderful so I thank you for Chris and I'm very glad it was straightened out it made my day thank you.
You were the person was in perfect solved all my problems (unclear) done and great character as far as niceness about the person everything was perfect you guys did not do anything wrong everything was great.
Oh nothing really you answered all my questions and I appreciate it.
Yep she was really nice very polite did her job I just wanted you all to know that.
I've always had my answers my questions answered and I'm very satisfied thank you.
Also I want would like to say that the last time that I had an occasion to call the young lady was extremely helpful and I had agreed to take the survey but for some reason we weren't I wasn't connected and I mean it was both experiences have been wonderful so I just wanna put that out there okay thank you bye bye.
I think you guys were terrific and I cannot think of anything else everything went just like clockwork I wanna thank you very much and I'm very happy with you guys.
Get everything done that I needed thank you bye.
I can't think of anything you guys do an excellent job Melissa was wonderful she answered every question and did everything she could to help me thank you.
All my concerns were taken care of very nicely thank you very much bye bye.
There couldn't there isn't anything that could have been done better so little boy was very nice and very helpful thank you.
Nothing the call went absolutely perfect the representative was wonderful she tried very hard got my problem resolved and I'm 100% happy thank you very much.
I had a great conversation with my person that was helping me I just want to thank them so thank you bye bye.
You're very helpful I probably had the best agent ever from UHC on the phone very helpful there's nothing you could have done better so thank you very much for that.
The operator (unclear) was very helpful and she answered all my questions and I'm very satisfied thank you so much.
There was nothing everything was the fellow I talked to was very nice and you know courteous thank you.
I'm very satisfied everything all my questions were answered and everyone was very polite and cordial thank you very much.
I just feel she went above and beyond so no complaints only applause for her thank you.
I got the information that I needed so I'm good thank you bye.
Hi this is June everything was great Laura did a great job in handling my problem and everything wen great thank you so much bye.
I'm not sure but I think that you could've given me more information above and beyond what was giving so I would know a little bit more about it but I'm not sure about that thank you.
It was well service there isn't one thing I can can be better for me that they said and I thank them very much bye bye.
Absolutely nothing you guys did everything perfectly well and I enjoyed conversation with your reps and they were very helpful there's nothing that needs to be changed and everything was just fine thank you have a good day and a good weekend bye bye.
Everything was done just fine and I understood everything that you know my questions were answered so I really appreciate all your help and continue to do a good job take care bye bye.
Your representative was very kind but I mean there's nothing that she can do and certainly you're not doing anything for me because what you do is the minimum.
I talked to an agent Brian and he explained what I called about on in home care since (unclear) surgery done he took care of me 150% and I appreciate it thank you very much goodbye.
Yes I was very satisfied with the gentleman that has responded to my questions and he's very observant and very on target and I enjoyed speaking to someone like him being a professional myself I hold my doctorate in physics PhD so anyway I'm now one of your client so again I give him on a scale of 1 to 10 I give him a 20 thank you.
Lamante was very helpful to me (unclear) I'd change the way he treated me it was nice thank you.
She did everything that I needed so there was no negative anything I appreciate everything she did for us thank you.
You did everything fine today so I don't have any complaints liked the service and thank you.
I was happy with the service I got couldn't have been better thank you very much.
There is nothing you could have done better the call was quick and efficient thank you.
I was very happy today and everything was made clear to me after 3 different phone calls it all worked out just fine thank you for your good service bye.
Well it's nothing better 'cause I mean Aaron was just wonderful and so is Morgan everybody I've talked to over the phone have been just asset to the company and the delight to deal with and I thank you all so very much.
Everything was done so perfectly there shouldn't be anything I can't think of anything else that you all can do this service is excellent and I thank you all so much for helping me.
I was satisfied with everything so it's nothing else that you could have done for me thank you guys.
The lady the young lady that helped me Yesi she was wonderful just she couldn't have done any better it was just she was very helpful very knowledgeable very professional she helped me right away I was kind of nervous about things and she just totally calmed me down and she was just terrific and she was just the best I thank you so much for always have wonderful representatives and this young lady Yesi was just just fabulous.
They answered my question and that's all I ask for thank you goodbye.
I really cannot think of anything you could've done better you did fine my problem was really not with you my problem was with (unclear) and I think you got that satisfied.
That's about all I can say thank you bye.
He was a wonderful gentleman he just was very easy to talk to answered any questions I had and I think you do a fabulous of (unclear) your people to work for.
Everything was excellent please stay the way you are UHC you folks are second to none the greatest thank you very much.
Well you know I had Todd or Jonathan and he was absolutely great to get my problem solved and I don't know of nothing I can add to that because he is.
he was just took care of everything that I needed so thank you so much.
There is nothing you could've done better Shirley was the person that helped me and she went beyond what was usually expected answering my questions calming me down helping me get all the answers I needed thank you so much Shirley and thank you UHC.
I had excellent results today talked with a representative named Cindy to complete my renew rewards as I had my wellness visit yesterday and then spoke with her again in member services to correct my phone number I love UHC you're an excellent organization thank you very much good bye.
I don't think there was anything that would make it better because I had a problem that would affect me greatly (unclear) my health and it was solved because you permitted the person to give the override for me to get my medicine that I need to take with me to Brazil thank you very much hope you have enjoyed yourself and look forward to doing business with you people again thank you.
Easy to talk to and took care of my situation easily that was good thank you.
Nothing would've been better than today Richard was very pleasant and I enjoyed talking to him thank you.
I'd rather not have to pay this but that's the way it is thank you very much for your help God bless.
Hi there I am totally pleased you could not have done anything better.
Actually it was Vanessa is the person I spoke with she's very courteous she was patient she's a I mean I've spoken to other people but there they haven't been as patient and courteous as she has and so you know I really I hope that if I have other questions I can call her and get her because I know that you don't I can't directly what do you call it request her but anyway she was very nice and I really appreciate her thank you.
There wasn't one thing he could've done better he was excellent he spoke slowly so I could understand him very clearly he was a very pleasant young man I think he's really an asset to your company he was terrific he brightened my day.
I have nothing to tell you that you could've done better I had a woman whose name was Daria who was wonderful and I couldn't ask for better help and that also goes to the other agent I had talked to a few weeks ago Edie so your help is marvelous thank you so much for being there for me.
I was very satisfied each person I spoke with were very helpful and took care of my concerns thank you very much.
The representative took care of all my questions and was very polite and helpful I don't think that I could have any other comment but she was just excellent your representative was excellent and thank you very much UHC good bye now.
My services from the customer service were perfect today she did a beautiful job that's all I can say thank you.
Absolutely nothing the customer service rep that I deal with was as polite and helpful as you possibly could be we completely the transaction quickly and efficiently and as we have been since we switched over to UHC we're very impressed.
I don't think anything she spoke clearly and distinctly she was very polite there was I had no issues there was nothing else I needed and thank you very much bye bye.
Well as far as I'm concerned the call went very well and I'm very pleased so there's no criticism and all thank you very much.
Only thing that you could have did better today if you had everybody now like (unclear) this one of the best representatives I have ever spoke to on the phone she's a plus to the company she's what every company need what not she is a gem as I say (unclear) whined it all up she's the best and to that you have a blessed day I hope she have a continue blessed day and I hope everything worked out the way the company wanted to be thank you guys and you have a blessed evening.
Absolutely nothing because she took care of every problem I have thank you very much.
There's nothing you could have done better Nick was super and very pleasant so as always I'm delighted with UHC thank you.
No I your representative was absolutely wonderful she took care of my problems and I really appreciate it so thank you very much.
Absolutely nothing the lady on the phone was a doll she was wonderful she went out of her way to help me and she was absolutely great and I appreciate everything thank you.
Don't understand what you said to me but I had the answers that I wanted answered correctly and kindly she took very much time with me she had to repeat it twice only 'cause I have (unclear) and she was very polite with (unclear) and you have a good day thank you and y'all have a good day also.
I don't think you could have done anything better and I appreciate what you've done so far thank you.
So the customer service representative was very very helpful but he did not have a copy of that letter and he did a wonderful job thank you.
No more comments I had a wonderful person talking to me I'm very satisfied.
This man explained everything very clearly I don't think I could have asked for a better explanation thank you.
I understand everything that was done and appreciate it most certainly.
nope they couldn't have did nothing no better because they was courtesy they were polite and they were very helpful and very friendly and I appreciate it and I recommend the health care to anybody always.
I can't think of one thing I had a very good experience thank you.
Well I have nothing y'all do a excellent job thank you very much.
Honey there was nothing better you could have done for me thank you very much.
I was very satisfied with everything the wait and the lady I talked to it was perfect thank you.
I can't think of anything better you could have done yawl this Andrew was absolutely wonderful he did a great job of explaining everything to me understand everything and just pleased to death thank you so much goodbye.
I think you couldn't have done anything any better everything went fine the lady was very nice we got everything taken care of in a timely manner I just think you have great service thank you.
I think the question was answered quite nicely in fact and every time I've called everyone has always been so very helpful not that I've called that often but it's always a pleasure 'cause you're always nervous when you're calling about insurance so thank you so very much.
I don't think professional the person I spoke with could have did anything different she's very professional very polite thank you.
Actually I think everything was handled perfectly the woman spoke very clearly I could understand her very well and it is much appreciated thank you.
Nothing today went very wonderful and the agent was just super so thank you very much goodbye.
I have no comment at this time thank you very much the person was very nice and she did the best that she could with the computer that she had something's I think wasn't on my computer that was left out but that's okay I'll take care of it.
In fact I received a message from United Care with reference number to call and you know refer to that reference number now that I called the lady tried very hard but could not find that reference number and that's the situation 'cause I don't know what happened because the lady was as a courtesy she was very very good you know checked everything we could and I even have the name of the person who left me the massage from United Care that they could not find you know the reference number or my name or what the message has been all about so she could you know help me thank you very much bye bye.
There wasn't anything better you could have done Sandra the representative was wonderful I just wish I could get her back every time I called okay thank you have a great day bye.
Your agent was very good there isn't anything else she could have done she did a good job.
In my claims statement that comes in the mail it's confusing me a lot but your representative was wonderful and handled everything very well and she's a good employee thank you.
Actually I don't think I don't know of anything you can do better I love your representatives they're always very thoughtful and courteous thank you bye.
Everything was great you couldn't have picked a better person to wait on me thank you.
Hi everything was done exactly as I expect it nothing else needs to be changed thank you.
I truthfully can't think of anything they were the gentleman was very nice and helpful and I have called several times before and I have never had any problems with anyone I've ever talked to with you people and that's something that I truthfully think you should be proud of alright thank you very much.
Everything was fine I have no complaints and you couldn't do anything better today thank you and have a blessed day.
The young lady was awesome she answered all my questions and it's a me issue it's not a you issue.
I don't think there was any necessary improvement for my call it was very good thanks bye.
I really don't think there's anything that Faith could've done that would be better she researched my questions and gave me an answer in a timely manner I was quite happy with her thank you very much.
There was absolutely nothing you could have done better for me the representative Christian asked me questions I had answers she was very patient sweet and it was a wonderful experience from what I've had with other providers but any way everything was fine top notch and I appreciate and thank you for having me bye.
Thank you very much very helpful it was a little hard to understand the young lady but she was very nice and was able to accommodate me thank you bye bye.
I can't think of a thing you could've done better for me the young man he was awesome he took care of my needs he helped me do things that most people would've made me do.
I got off the phone I didn't have to worry about anything I don't remember his name which is terrible but he is fantastic give him a raise whatever he was patient we were on the phone for over two hours but he got things done that no one's ever done really and I just wish you all a blessed day and I'm so happy with him I am so so happy.
I spoke with Ramen and he was wonderful I don't think that he resolved a couple of questions and explained it and I don't think he could've done any better thank you this has been (unclear) wonderful and so happy to be apart of United Health thank you.
I can't think of anything better you've been always precise and very you know I'm very happy with United Health.
Actually there isn't anything (unclear) it wasn't from you guys it's from the doctor and I appreciate your help so much and he's been wonderful she's done a very good her help.
I have no problems the young man helped me completely thank you.
I don't have an answer it was it was very good thank you.
Again Bill was fantastic the guy I talked to was fantastic unfortunately he was not able to do anything about it because like I said I think it's your system.
Actually I don't think there was anything you could've done better first I spoke to Leslie and she was excellent after finding out my problem she's transferred me to Joyce for website support who Joyce was actually outstanding there's nothing you could've done better please keep up the good work and thanks for your help.
There really wasn't anything it was a very you know good phone call thanks very much I wish you all well.
The call my problem was handled very professionally thank you.
In this manner this thing that I got resolved there's nothing better that could've been done the assistant the lady that helped me her name is Carol she was wonderful there should be a lot more employees like this like her I just want to say thank you very much in this case it was resolved perfectly thank you.
The woman I spoke to did a great job I just want to thank her very much okay thank you bye.
I don't think Kenya could have done a better job she made my day she was awesome and I you know I love her services she gave me piece of mind she helped me greatly.
Nothing that I can think of you could have done any better for me today thank you very much.
Noting I can't to give Evon a 10 she was very good thank you.
Oh hi the young lady I spoke to was wonderful if your system and sometimes I get a good person that knows about claims sometimes I don't she knew and she was very helpful but in the past I've had people who weren't helpful so it makes the whole process very very frustrating anyway I just wanted to let you know that thank you.
The service was fine there's nothing you could have done better I thank you very much.
Hi I just want to say that I got to talk with Sandy and she was really helpful to me 'cause I'm good at making things complicated the reason that I called though was just the the denial for my husband's part of his service that he received and it (unclear) Christopher (unclear) on April 14th this year you know which is also mine was denied considered a cosmetic service when it was just to help with the scar that was left after the mose surgery so that was very very disappointing to me I like UHC I think that you know we've received you know wonderful service from you but that was really disheartening so if you want to call me my number's 5306202429.
I don't have anything it was very good and I thank you.
Well Sierra did a good (unclear) she answered all my questions (unclear) thank you very much.
The process is a little bit too long but the person who served my mom is really grateful helpful is very good I appreciate that thank you.
As far as I'm concerned I think everything is perfect it all went very well and the girl I think it was Sonny she was very pleasant and helpful so you should be very proud to have her on your staff couldn't have asked for anyone nicer so I have no complaints that's it.
I don't think there's anything you could do better just keep up what you're doing and I'm satisfied every time I call here I mean it seems like you know you get somebody that understands you and you know helps you out just like they should so I just say keep up the good work and I'm very happy with my plan.
You did everything that I needed to be done so thank you very much.
My reason for calling so many times was because every time I got a name and then called the office they did not accept the plan that I have but I think we found one and I do understand that it is up to the doctor's office to call to update so I appreciate all your help and once again your representatives are very professional helpful kind and patient so thank you very much.
The one thing you could've done better for me is allow the call and people to request special rep I would love to have Marlene as my rep all the time thank you so much good bye.
You couldn't do anything better your representatives that I talked to in the past and stuff like that has been great and thank you for all your help bye bye.
I had a wonderful experience I don't think she was the representative could've done any better she did a really good job I appreciate it thank you much bye bye.
There was nothing you could've done better it was handled to my full satisfaction thank you.
Actually nothing you could do is better I talked to Vanessa she did a good job she gave me the information I needed to know I one other thing she didn't know and you don't know UHC doesn't know that I have to check with (unclear) on which I will do but everything else perfect good job appreciate it and didn't have never had a problem with UHC and I certainly didn't have one today thank you very much.
Hi this is Josephine Metta everything went well I don't think you (unclear) better than what y'all doing y'all doing a great job everybody's nice and I really appreciate being with UHC and my plans go anywhere and (unclear) other people to get wight you I thank you very much.
I don't think you could have done anything better (unclear) looked out okay and I'll call back on Monday the lady was very helpful thank you bye.
I'm very pleased I don't think you could do anything any better I'm so happy with this AARP health care thank you thank you thank you.
I was completely satisfied wtih my conversation with the gentleman that I spoke with and thank you very much.
I'm just sick and I'm not in the mood to answer a bunch of questions but thank you and you've got real polite help.
Thanks I don't guess you could do anything different she answered all of my questions.
There was nothing else that you could have done further so I appreciate your help today.
I don't have to wait long to get an answer you guys have everything updated all the time and again thank you very much UHC for always being there for my husband and I.
I was my question was addressed and I got a fantastic answer just what I needed so just keep up the good work and I know you will and everything is just great.
Everything went fine and I can't think of anything off hand that could be improved I appreciate everything you did have a good day bye.
