Also take of yourself down in Manila and also have yourself a lovely day and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
and thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family and take care darling.
So take care of yourself and also may the good Lord smile on you dear and thank you for letting me be a part of your family and thank you.
I love you guys and God bless you guys.
I really do so take good care all of you and God bless all of you.
Thank you and please keep professional people like herself with UHC.
And also congratulations on your marriage for 13 years and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
Glad that the (unclear) is with you and you know I try to do my best for my health and thank you for all that I get from you all.
God bless you and talk to you soon.
I don't want nothing to happen to you dear so this is your big brother from west Virginia saying I'm with you all the way and my and also my heart is with your family also I'm glad to be with your family and also I'm glad and thank you for allowing me to be in your family so that's all.
Also and take care of those four children and also I'm proud to be in your family and also thank you for allowing me to touch base with your family.
Thank God for you all period and I will be telling people about you 'cause you're great and thank you and have a blessed and wonderful day.
I'm glad to be part of your family now and thank you a lot.
Also thank you for allowing me to be in your family dear and take care of yourself sweetheart.
And thank you for letting me be a part of your family here.
I'm glad to be part of your family and thank you.
And like I said thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
And also thank you for letting me be part of your family.
I'm glad to be part of your family and thank you.
So take care of my little sister Eliza Jean and thank you for allowing me to be in your family.
and I thank you for letting me be part of your family and also thank you a lot.
This is your big brother and best friend from West Virginia and also thank you for allowing me being your family.
And also she's very lovable and thank you a lot Evangeline for allowing me be part of your immediate family.
I'm glad to be part of your family and thank you.
Also be seeing you real soon and also take care of yourself as well and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and thank you.
And also I'm glad to be part of your family and thank you.
So thank you for allowing me to part of your family and thank you a lot.
I'm proud to be in your family now and thank you.
Her name is Destiny and also take care of yourself sweetheart and also thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and like I said and also thank you a lot and I appreciate it.
And thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
Take care of yourself and also I'm glad to be part of your family and thank you very much.
Thank you very much for letting me allowing me to be a part of your family and like I said like I say you take care of yourself also.
Also and you take care of your children and also congratulations on your marriage dear and thank you very much for allowing me to be in your family.
Also my last advocate her name was her name is Lilly and also also take care of yourself sweetheart and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and also thank you thank you for letting me be letting me be part of it and thank you.
And my prayers are with you and UHC.
Always glad to be part of your family and thank you.
Her name is Septembia as in September so take care of your little sister and also also thank you for thanks for letting me be your big brother and also I was glad I got to speak to you.
Take care darling and take care take care of your children and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and thank you.
I'm so proud to be with y'all and may God bless you.
So be glad to have Gladys on as your team member.
This is your best friend from West Virginia saying take care of yourself and also thank you for allowing me to be apart of your family and thank you.
take real good care of yourself and thank you for allowing me to be in your family and I do appreciate it.
Also my condolences to her and her parents.
My heart goes out to her and her parents.
And God will bless her for her service.
You all didn't have to do anything better for me you all did everything great for me thank you so much and God bless all of you.
Thank you all very much I'm being with you for the rest of my life.
You are just wonderful and God bless all of you.
I will always be with you (unclear) 'til I just can't no more but thank you and this family loves you all.
And I thank you dearly and God bless each and every one of you that works there.
Thank you again UHC I've been with you a long time and I please God hope I stay with you until the very end.
We really appreciate your business and your service and your kindness and your compassion.
And you are blessed truly blessed to have him working for you and representing you.
And also to everyone in Manila and to all the Filipinos Philippines Filipinos and also this goes out to my two best friends also to my big sister.
And you always will be my little sister so thank you for letting me be apart of your family.
I will continue with this service as long as I can and may god bless each and every one of you all.
And thank you for allowing me to be apart of your family as well.
God bless y'all and y'all keep up the good work helping each other.
I'm glad to be part of your family and also you take care of yourself my beautiful Sharon and thank you.
And thank you for allowing me be part of your family.
You take care and thank you for allowing me to be one of your.
Also thank you to everyone in Manilla and also to everyone in the Philippines.
So this is your best from West Virginia also and this is your big brother from West Virginia and you always will be little sister Solay and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and thank you for the story you (unclear).
So thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and take care as well.
and thank you for allowing me to part of your family and thank you.
And thank you and may God bless you and him and all again thank you for your kindness and your help.
You do the right thing and so I'll be speaking to you soon I appreciate (unclear) be part of your family and thank you again and God bless you Ella.
This is to everyone in Manila who and also this is your big brother and your best friend from West Virginia and so to everyone in Manila and to all the Philippines Filipinas Filipinos take care of yourselves and you have a great Memorial Day weekend also to my best friend Terry you have a great Memorial weekend and also I'm glad to be part of your family and also take care of yourself also take care of your six year old daughter and also I'm happy for you and thank you.
Okay this is your big brother from West Virginia to all of the ones to everyone in Manila and to everybody in the Philippines Filipinas and also to my little sister all the way from Manila saying Nicole that's my little sister Nicole saying well I'm glad I'm part of your family and I'm glad that I'll be with you of all times so thank you a lot and also thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family.
OK this is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and also your best friend from West Virginia and that means to everyone in Manila thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and also to the Filipinias.
So thank you for allowing me be a part of your family and also take care of yourself and then thank you.
Thank you for allowing me to be in your family and thanks again for staying as true as you are as a good company member.
And so thank you a lot and thank you for letting me be part of your family.
will be remain in my prayers and thank you.
Also take care of yourself darling and also and God bless you and thank you for allowing me to be in your family.
My heart goes out to you and your family.
And like I said I'll be speaking to you again and like I said god bless you Jenna and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family and with UHC too.
my heart goes out to you and your father dear.
So thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family and thank you again and I appreciate it.
This is coming from your big brother from West Virginia and your best friend from West Virginia and thank you for all in Manila and all the Filipinas Filipinos and Philippines.
So take care of yourself Camille and also take care of yourself take care of that one handsome boy of yours and also thank you for allowing me to be your big brother and also thank you for allowing me to be part of your United Health center and also thank you again.
Take care sweetheart and also take care of your family as well and thank you for allowing me be part of your United Healthcare family and thank you.
Thank you and thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family and thank you for caring for so much care and I really do care about you darling.
And I appreciate you for allowing me to be a part of your family.
You take care of yourself darling and like I said thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family and thank you and I appreciate you.
And thank you for allowing me to be a part of your family.
I hope you have a good rest and good rest with your family and also take care of your family and your friends as well and plus and your sister and also and your relatives too.
So thank you for your understanding and just letting me leave my records and tell you all of my concerns.
And also thank you for allowing me be part of your family.
and I'm proud to be in one of your family and thank you.
Thank you for letting me be part of your family thank you (unclear).
God bless you and god bless Renee for the service she has give me.
Take care darling and thank you for allowing me to apart of your family.
I'm glad to be part of your family congratulations and I'm glad to hear your precious lovely voice.
Her name is Joyce and thank you my beautiful advocate Joyce and thank you for allowing me to call to your family.
And thank Michelle for taking care of my case.
I know it's hard but darling you got to just you got to just take a dare and thank you for letting me be part of your family and thank you for allowing me to be your letting me be your big brother and thank you and take care sweetheart.
Thank you to all of you who have helped me.
And a very good day to all those who assisted me and to you to continue with your success.
Thank you for letting me participate in this survey and say nice things about you and Latifa.
I hope you have yourself a wonderful time in McCanty so thank you for allowing me to be part of your United Health Center and also we'll be speaking again soon.
And thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
May God bless you and thank you for having type of people working for you as Mr Juan.
And also I'm glad to be part of your family and also thank you for allowing me be in it and thank you a lot.
So thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
And also it's good to hear your voice and like I said I'm glad to be part of your family so take care of yourself and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
Thank you to each and every one of you and God bless each and every one of you and your families always and forever bye bye.
You take care Rosemary and thank you.
Take care sweetheart and thank you for allowing me to be part of your family.
May God bless each and everyone of you and thank you AARP.
Want to thank him again for all his help and hopefully everything will get cleared with my husband's insurance and thank God and bless all of you guys.
