Just patient and I thank her so much.
She led me through (unclear) accounts but thank you so much.
I was very satisfied thank you so very much.
I love you all and I would recommend you all.
Thank you and that's all I have to say.
Y'all are excellent thank you so much.
A very great representative thank you very much.
I'm a hundred percent pleased thank you very much.
But anyway I thank you she did okay.
I mean very nice people so thank you so much and I don't know what else to say.
Thank you I think you did a great job.
It was a great experience as usual thank you very much.
I will thank you so much that you solved my problem.
That's all I know so thank you for her.
So thank you very much I do appreciate you helping me as much as you can.
And but anyway thank you so much.
Thank you very much ma'am and I'm very sorry I just think what I think should be done.
Very satisfied thank you anyway.
I mean he was (unclear) and thank you very much.
I've praised you guys.
Helped me really good and thank you so much.
You were very helpful today thank you very much (unclear) bye.
So I thank y'all so very much for being so nice and so kind.
Anyway you're wonderful and I thank you very much.
Thank you all so much God bless you.
Thank you very much y'all are very nice to me I've been with y'all about 9 years and I (unclear).
Maybe it's me but thank you very much.
So thank you and please the two of those girls are amazing.
Thank you very much there's nothing you could have done any better.
They answered my question and that was what I wanted to know so thank you so much.
I couldn't be more happier so thank you very much bye bye now.
Bridget was the best so thank you very much.
So thank you very much and he did a super job and everyone has before.
So thank you all very much that's all that I have to say.
They were both wonderful technicians thank you so much.
My last call was absolutely perfect I thank you very much.
You all have been very great and I thank you so much.
So thank you so much and I'll be calling again.
Thank you I'm very impressed with your UHC.
So thank you very much appreciate it darling talk to you soon.
They're just super good and thank you so much.
I don't have a comment other than thank you very much.
So anyway again thank you very much.
I'm real happy and thank you so much.
So thank you very much and again it as Tiera my representative and she was really helpful.
I'd like to thank her very much.
So I don't have any other comments and thank you very much.
I'm very happy to be with y'all and thank y'all so much.
I didn't see where that's covered and that applied to me so thank you very much thank you bye bye.
You all are just helpful helpful thank you so much.
I got what I needed and I thank you very much.
So with her it was great and I thank you so much.
Thank you and all your people are very professional.
So I hope you take that onboard and thank you very much.
The service was excellent and I thank you very much.
We sure do thank you guys.
Solved my problem so I thank you very much.
I love you guys.
So please give her our thanks and thank you so much.
She deserves a raise thank you Carol S Walters and I'm very satisfied.
I have got no complaints and thank you very much.
You did a great job thank you very much.
Thank you so much I forgot her name though dagnabbit.
She did very good so thank you very much.
Completely satisfied I thank y'all very much.
You solved everything so thank you very much.
That's all I know so thank you.
Thank you so much (unclear) because I really appreciate it.
So I was satisfied with it and I thank you very much.
So I thank you and that's about all I've got to say.
So she answered all my questions and I thank you very much.
Thank her very much and United Healthcare.
He was great thank you very much.
Well today I am very much very satisfied so thank you very much.
The service was good thank you very much.
So that's about it so thank you very much.
I thank you so much for all she you know you do.
It was a wonderful experience and thank you so very much.
But other than that thank you very much.
I cannot think of anything else but I thank you very very much.
I thank God they are so professional and nice and thank you so much.
Thank you very much and you know I hope this is gonna work out for me.
You were excellent thank you very much.
I was completely satisfied thank you very much.
You all did a good job and I thank you very much.
I appreciate you guys very much.
You guys were all fantastic and we thank you very much.
I was completely satisfied thank you very much.
They answered all my questions thank you so much bye.
The young lady was great and I thank you so much.
Thank y'all so much and God bless.
Thank you and I sure am proud I'm your customer.
Appreciate all the help thank you so very much.
And I wanna keep it thank you very much.
My problem was resolved and thank you very much.
Have no problem appreciate the help thank you so very much.
Better than I expected so thank you very much.
You were most helpful and I appreciated it and thank you very much.
I got the answer I wanted so thank you very much.
You've all been very kind thank you very much.
So I'll call in the morning and thank you very much.
But Angie thank you so much.
I'm very pleased thank you so much.
Thank you and the representative was very nice.
My renew reward and I thank you very much.
So I thank you so much for today the woman I talked to today was fabulous.
So that's what it is and I thank you very much.
I was completely satisfied and I thank you very much.
And thank them and y'all so much.
So thank you very much and I'll talk to you soon.
Other than that I'm satisfied thank you very much.
And I wanna thank y'all so very much and I appreciate everything that y'all do.
So great job thank you so much.
So thank you and this is Debra (unclear).
We're smiling too so thank you very much.
I love you guys.
Okay thank you but she was the best today.
So thank you very much and we're just happy with UHC.
I thank you all so much and I'll talk to you soon.
Absolutely excellent and I thank you.
I want to say thank you but hopefully it worked out good today.
(Unclear) I appreciate you very much bye.
Great customer service so thank you very much.
Okay I thank you and god bless.
Well thank you so much I hope you don't need me anymore thank you bye now.
I love you guys.
He was very helpful thank you very much bye bye.
I was completely satisfied thank you very much.
You are perfect and I thank you.
I think you did very well I thank you very much bye.
You did very well explaining everything and I appreciate it and I thank you so very much.
to her thank you goodbye.
all my questions were answered and I thank you very much.
It was helpful and thank you very much.
So on that note thank you again and thank you Jonathan.
So thank you very much and my name is Carla Castle and I'm calling about my billing account.
Y'all are so (unclear) thank you very much bye.
I'm well satisfied and I thank you very much.
And was very impolite thank you bye my name is Angela (unclear) my number's 7752003094 thank you bye bye.
It was great thank you all very much.
So I'm very grateful thank you so much God bless all of you bye.
He did an excellent job as usual and I thank you very much.
But your end was great so thank you very much.
They done good and I thank them very much.
I think everything was handled very well very professionally and I thank you all very much.
You all have been very very helpful and we thank you very much we'll talk to you later thank you bye.
I am completely satisfied and thank you so much.
You helped me a lot so thank you very much.
She was wonderful thank you so much.
Thank you very much and all my questions were answered thank you.
He's a great guy thank you very much.
So I wanna thank her very much for what she did.
You've done very well thank you very much.
He done everything that I asked him to and I sure do appreciate it and I thank you very much.
Thank you wasn't hard at all thank you my pleasure.
I thank you very much and if you want to respond to this I will home tomorrow all day until four o'clock tomorrow evening you can call thank you very much bye bye.
But thanks very much for asking me.
We love you Jennifer.
So (unclear) and thank you so very much.
She did an excellent job thank you very much.
She did an excellent job and thank you so much.
And thank you a lot and you're doing a good job.
I love you guys.
I wish you all the best.
Thank you very much everything was done very well I appreciated your help.
So thank you and that's all I can tell you.
So thank you to whomever I was talking to.
There was nothing to improve on and I thank you very much and goodbye.
Thank you I appreciate it I'm very satisfied.
Otherwise the conversation went perfectly and I thank you so very much.
I'm completely satisfied thank you very much.
Thank you very much and that's all I had to say.
He did a great job and I thank you very much.
My questions were answered thank you very much.
Thank you so much and I'm glad I have United Health.
But Steven straightened it out for me thank you very much.
I was completely satisfied thank you very much.
No you have done well and thank you so much.
You were just wonderful and thank you guys so much.
So I thank you guys very much and all of you have a wonderful holiday.
I sure do appreciate it and thank you very much.
So it's great service and thank you very much.
So thank you very much and she was really a big help.
I am very grateful to you guys.
Well y'all done the best thing for me y'all done it so I thank you very much.
But other than that it was wonderful thank you very much.
Thank you very much and my name is (unclear) Crow and my phone number is 3179564828.
You did well thank you.
And she know what she's doing thank you so much.
Thank you Roy I really appreciate it.
(Unclear) she did well thank you so much bye.
Thank you and the representative was wonderful.
And her name was (unclear) and thank you very much.
we needed to know so thank you good bye.
Thank you very much and (unclear) he said his name spelt was Chev something.
You did a good job and I thank you very much.
You did all you could and I thank you one hundred percent.
I don't have any positive suggestions thank you very much.
Anyway hopefully today will go better and thank you very much.
Just wonderful and I thank you guys so much.
I was satisfied thank you very much.
So thank you very much I've so far enjoyed being with UHC bye bye.
So I thank you so very much and the lady that I spoke with was absolutely wonderful.
I'm satisfied with everything and thank you so much.
It was excellent care and I thank you very much.
Thank you once again you were very helpful for me.
I do thank you very much he was wonderful and I don't have anymore time.
You have a good one thank you so much.
Thank you very much and I want to thank Lori who helped me because she was just marvelous.
I thank you very much and that was a good representative that I talked to.
And you all thank you so so very much.
Yes (unclear) I definitely appreciate it and I thank you very much.
Thank you I'm super glad I signed up.
You done beautifully for me and and I want tell you thank you very much.
Thank you so much take care and God bless.
Good job I'm completely satisfied thank you very much.
Thank you very much I don't know if I can something else.
Everything went well and I thank you all so very much.
Thank you very much and way more good positive than I could say is negative.
My question was answered and thank you very much.
You did well thank you very much.
Thank you I hope you understand my English thank you.
Set my mind at ease and I thank you very much.
I'm very satisfied with it so thank you very much.
So everything's great and thank you so much.
So thank you Sally you did an excellent job today.
But your representative did it and it was terrific so thank you very much bye.
My name is (unclear) thank you (unclear).
She was thank you very much.
Wonderful experience and thank you I appreciate y'all.
I love you guys.
Thank you very much and may God bless you.
Thank you very much and Melvin was very helpful thank you.
So thank you very much and I'll tell everybody about you (unclear).
I thank you very much it's okay bye bye.
My question got answered perfectly and I'm satisfied so thank you very much.
I appreciate y'all and may God bless you.
So everybody was very helpful today and I want to thank you very much.
You did great thank you bye.
I thank you and them the recorder that has it's possibilities not always great.
So I just want you to know I'm very happy and I thank you very much.
You are doing great thank you very much.
I understand everything and thank you so much.
I love you guys.
That's all thank you very much.
I can only say I'm satisfied thank you very much.
Really helpful I appreciate it very much thank you.
I wanna thank you (unclear) because I needed (unclear) so (unclear).
I think you've done everything great and I just thank y'all very very much thank you.
Appreciate you all very much bye bye.
She was just absolutely wonderful thank you so much.
You did very well thank you.
So my issue that I called about was resolved so thank you very much.
The operator was very helpful thank you so much.
I think you're okay thank you.
I appreciate you thank you very much bye bye.
So I just wanted to say a big thank you to him.
So I don't know what's going on but thank you very much for everything.
You answered my questions and very quickly I might add so thank you very much.
and took time too thank you so much.
Oh really everything went real well I appreciate it thank you very much good bye.
I think everything is okay by now thank you very much bye.
I love this service thank you bye.
I really enjoyed it and I really I wish to thank you very much thank you so much bye bye.
So congratulations you guys are good.
So it's just a pleasure and thank you very much.
You're very good when I call so thank you so much.
And my name's Janet Carr thank you bye bye.
And I'm so grateful thank you very much bye.
I appreciated her time there so thank you very much.
I love you guys.
