She's great and thank y'all so much for your help.
You have valuable people working and I appreciate you so much.
So I want to thank her for her time and that's about it.
I want to thank you for that.
And I want to thank her and give her credit please.
You have really good people working for you and again thank you so much.
So I have nothing but exemplarily comments to make and I thank you so very very much for your help and it's a pleasured business with United Healthcare through AARP.
I really appreciate her help thank you.
Did good job thank you for helping me.
I appreciate the service thank you.
And I thank you for putting up with me because I make mistakes.
The operator or the agent was (unclear) so thank you and appreciate you.
It was taken care of promptly and very efficiently and I wish to thank you very much.
And I thank y'all company for being there for us to help us with things like this.
But today I spoke to a really outstanding representative so I thank you.
And I thank her very much for being so nice on the phone.
the service was handled really quick and thank you so much.
So I just want to thank United Health for doing a good job for us and it will always.
I thank you very much for being who you are and the people you have in your.
All of my representatives I talked to are excellent and I love United Healthcare and I thank you so much.
Well I was completely satisfied and I thank you for your help.
I was very happy with the service and I thank you very much and you have a very good day.
I thank him very much for getting me the card.
And I want to say thank you to the lady who helped me.
So thank you very much and looking forward to continuing with your service.
Your service representative Pamela was a great help and I enjoyed talking to her and thank you for your service (unclear).
Truly outstanding so I have nothing but just accolades and clapping my hands right now for the great service and answers that I got from United so thank you so much.
There was nothing that they could have done any better and I thank you very much for your time and your service and for being my health care provider.
Just very happy with the company and thank you very much.
I get the right information that I need and I thank you so much for that.
You've covered everything and thank you so much for your service.
I just want to thank everybody UHC for always listening carefully.
Thank you so much and I love my company I love to be a patient I love to have belong to my Medicare Complete.
I appreciate the help she gave me and I thank you.
You always do which is why I guess we all recommend UHC and I want to thank you very much for all your service and all that you do for us.
the Annette was very kind and helpful and I appreciate this company more every time I talk to you people and I thank you kindly bye bye.
But otherwise Vin did a great job and I appreciate him and his help thank you.
Anyway thank you Cynthia's a great person and I appreciated all the help that she gave me.
And I would to take and thank him for helping me out with my questions.
It's the pharmacist that's selling it so thank you very much I appreciate your help goodbye.
I just want to say thank you and thank you for training your employees so well.
But I do thank you for everything you've done for me and lets just keep on trucking and yes I would tell anybody you know I tell you.
Tina was very helpful very professional and she answered my questions very easily quickly and I appreciate her good service and thank you for allowing me to take the survey.
Everybody is so wonderful and I just want to say thank you very much to Toni and everybody.
And I am so appreciative of her so once again thank you all so much and have a great day.
This is the first time I'm receiving some forms from you and I appreciate your courtesy and I appreciate your help.
So I am very appreciative to both him and you organization.
Rachel is a total asset for your insurance company and I thank you for hiring her and for that I had this opportunity to talk with her today.
She answered all of my questions and I appreciate that thank you.
I thank you very much because when I speak to the agent the representative they are all outstanding and should be commended.
I was very happy with it all and thank you so much.
And I am so proud that y'all let me stay with you guys.
So thank you and again I would certainly welcome a phone call back and thanks again Billy for helping to try to help me to understand on my ineligibility.
And I thank God I got to talk to him.
I hope you all are so wonderful like the way you always are and please just know that we are so impressed and we thank you.
He was very kind and considerate and took the time and answered every question we had and (unclear) and we are more than pleased and thank you so much for helping us.
I appreciated quick response professional advice and thank you so much.
Everything went great and thank you so much for your help.
All this (unclear) amazing and I love United so thank you for all your hard work keeping us people happy.
I couldn't ask for more and I thank you very much to have those representatives out there.
It was a good experience and thank you very much for your time.
You provided me with great service and thank you very much.
You answered my questions and helped me make a decision and I thank you very much.
You know good conversation I applaud you for your human your employees so thank you.
Oh nothing I think it was Sandra was very helpful and I am very pleased thank you very much goodbye.
I think everything was excellent thank you for helping me.
I appreciate everything and everything was taken care of and I appreciate all the help from your associates thank you so much.
I really appreciate her as a representative and I hope I get her again thank you for UHC services and for Natalie bye bye.
So I'm just very grateful and thank you.
So I thank you for taking care of my problem.
And I appreciate her service thank you.
I wanna thank you all for being there to listen and for everything that you have done for me and everything that you pulled me through by just talking with you all when I'm going through a hard time and I'll talk to you later.
You couldn't have done anything better than what you people did and I thank you very much thank you and have a good day.
So I thanked her and I'm truly blessed to have United Healthcare insurance.
And thank you all for being there and helping people like me that are so in bad need of some hope.
She answered all my questions and I really appreciate and I'd recommend (unclear) to anybody thank you very much.
I think you have done everything wonderful and I also not only want to say thank you to Misty but also to Dana who helped me before.
Everything was taken care of to my satisfaction today and I thank you so much.
So thank you (unclear) and she was big help (unclear) employee like Barbara.
I am very grateful for the help I received from James today.
your service is above outstanding thank you very much.
And to get in touch with the doctor's office thank you so much for having Mark and thank you so much for providing this number.
She did wonderful and was a great asset to your company and thank you so much for having her work for you.
But once again I thank you for all your help and all your kindness.
Chris was extremely helpful and I thank him and you should thank him as well.
So thank you and that's all then I'll go ahead and hang up thank you again for the great service keep up the good work bye.
And I thank you for having such nice customer service agents.
But very professional and very concerned and so I just thank you all for having an agent like her.
I really appreciate this wonderful service that you gave me today.
I was well satisfied with what happened and overall I thank you very much.
You have a great day and thanks again for your help.
The young lady put my mind at ease and I thank you so very much for having the number that I could call for help.
And I appreciate her for giving me help and I thank her so much.
I want to tell you how pleased I am with UHC.
And thank you for your help you've always been very courteous.
And I thank you keep that young lady working for you.
You all did great and I have no more to say except thank you very much and I appreciate you.
I am so pleased with the professionalism and kindness and expertise of your wonderful staff.
I have no complaints and I thank you for your help and have a good day.
I thank the gentleman who took care of me and UHC.
And I thank you very much for her concern to my issue.
And I really thank her for her time and her service she done for me.
My question was answered and I very courteously and I thank you.
Thank you so much but your service is above excellent so thank you so much for always helping me and goodbye.
You was compassionate and everything and I appreciate that so thank you.
And I want I told her I want to tell her thank you.
Thank you again you're my provider you've always been and I'm not going no where else so thank you for her being there she was helpful she was very much of a help to me thank you.
I appreciate and God bless you.
He deserves to be commended okay please commend Malcolm in (unclear) Florida.
I was just overwhelmed by his great customer service and I wanted to thank you for hiring people like him.
I was very satisfied with my answer that I received and thank you very much.
And I appreciate the help and thanks for UHC.
I am very happy with the service and thank you very much.
Everything was satisfactory and I was very impressed with the young man that helped me and I thank you so much.
I can't think of anything right this minute and I thank you and I appreciate you talking to me.
That it worked out just great and I appreciate all the help thank you very much.
Thank you and goodbye but I was glad to be a member of United Health.
She (unclear) I'm telling you because I really appreciate her and I thank her so much and thank you guys for putting her on.
And Melissa if you ever get to hear this again thank you for my smile for the day.
I'm not sure where but please extend my sincere thanks to Shana.
I want to thank Theresa for helping me this morning.
We know that you guys are on the job and we really thank y'all very much and (Unclear) was a big help extremely big help and we want to thank you all.
And then Mary was fine also so thank you again.
I am so grateful to Fernando today.
Y'all did a fine job and we thank you and keep up the good work.
I appreciate the patience and the courtesy from the associate or worked with me thank you.
I couldn't ask for anything more thank you so much for great representatives and great service bye bye.
But I have been very satisfied and I thank you very much for your time.
I am so well pleased with the results that I received from you all or your agent and I thank you all very much.
So I want to thank her from the bottom of my heart.
So I thank you for your kindness.
They were very compassionate about the loss of my husband and I thank you all so much.
You're an excellent insurance company and I thank you so much.
I thank you for her and I it's been a blessing for me to have her.
No I'm not sorry but please I appreciated the two people who assisted me and gave information I needed and very helpful and I congratulate United Health for its care and (unclear) personal business with their clients.
I was pleased and I thank you for the information.
I appreciate this company and I thank y'all so much for your services.
So again thank you for being my insurance company and the man I spoke to was excellent.
Whether you know it or not you guys need her so I have no complaints today and I thank you very much for the opportunity to say my peace.
But both times my experience has been superb and I appreciate the customer service so thank you very much.
You helped me answer my questions thank you.
I'm very satisfied with the service so thank you so much.
So I want to say thank you to the two that helped me today.
I thank y'all very much for helping me out and (unclear) my questions.
I appreciate all the help I've been given and I wish you all a good day.
it was joyous to talk with her she was very helpful thank you.
Thank y'all for being wonderful and having wonderful employees.
I really appreciate working with UHC and I thank to God that you guys always stay as wonderful as you guys are.
But you did an exceptional job so thank you and have a great day.
You have done everything you did done very good for me and I appreciate it very much and God bless you.
Everything went fine and I thank you for your service.
So I just thank you all for accepting me.
I think you done a wonderful job and thank you for taking your time out to do your job.
And I thank her for very much for everything she did.
And I am very pleased with your service and your representative.
Everything was fantastic the representative was above and beyond and I thank you for your service and for (unclear).
Your the representative I spoke with was very helpful thank you very much.
but for Pamela I would like to say a great big thank you and major kudos.
He did a good job and I thank you for your service.
She made me feel very welcome and I wish her well at her job and thank you very much.
Got my questions answered and thank you.
I thank you all very much for the help you've given me tonight.
So today I got wonderful service and I'm very pleased and I thank you United Healthcare.
I appreciate the way you take care of my body and my business and I thank you thank you thank you.
I am grateful and I hope we are able to continue being a good member of United Health.
And you answered the problem I had and I thank you very much for it.
She a good representative of you company and I thank you a lot.
So my thanks to Erica for a really productive conversation.
very pleased with you know with my call today thank you.
It was wonderful to speak to someone who answers the phone and speak English and we appreciate UHC thank you very much.
I really appreciate the agent that I talked to thank you again.
Everything was excellent and thank you for your time and your assistance this day.
I just want to thank you for being my insurance and thank you.
All my questions was answered and I thank whoever took my call and I thank them for their patience.
I appreciate all of the help that she gave me today.
I had a very good time with the person that helped me thank you all for everything thank you have a good day.
No we are very pleased with Kayla's responses to our call thank you.
Everything was fine and I thank you for your help.
I got what I asked her for and thank you for her assistance.
I appreciate everything Brianna thank you.
So I thank her and you and have a good night bye.
I was very pleased with all the help I got today and I thank you people very very much.
Thank you very much and the associate that helped me her name was Joanna.
I don't think you could've done anything better so thank you very much for your service.
I think everyone was very good to me because I always call and I just want to thank you and I want to give them some good points.
I give her 100 percent thank you.
Like I say he was very helpful and I appreciated what he did for me and I thank you very much thank you bye.
I was very happy very satisfied and I thank you and thank her.
Majesty was a complete help thank again for all of her patience and assistance today thank you.
anyway I just wanted to say thank you and Richard was great bye bye.
That really is helpful so I thank you for your time.
You have done great with everything thank you.
I just want you guys to know that and I appreciate all your help.
So thank you very much for all your cooperation and helped to encourage me and to support me to continue to think it's good health.
Thank you very much but I'm satisfied with the service provided by your customer service person Kendra in Arkansas.
Everything was fine and I thank you for providing the opportunity for service.
I enjoyed talking to the lady thank you.
Keisha was very helpful in all that we needed thank you so much.
The call today was perfect to me in every way thank you so much.
Everything was done fine thank you a lot and thank you for your service.
I appreciate you alls help and I will depend on you all in the future thank you.
I received my Medicare and I am extremly happy and I have recommended a lot of my friends and thank you so much for your service.
You have answered all my questions and I sure do appreciate it thank you.
I was very impressed he's absolutely wonderful a precious pride for your organization and you should definitely reward him for his service thank you very much.
Morris was really excellent so thanks very much for your service.
I'm very satisfied with the customer service and it's very excellent insurance company that's all and thank you so much I appreciate everything I'm happy what I have for my insurance thank you bye bye.
I'm very satisfied with your service and I do appreciate your answers and your immediate care thank you very much.
Everything was perfect I was treated really well I appreciate you all very much thank you for your help.
Thank you you've hired some very wonderful people to work for you and thank you to United Health that they're my insurance thank you.
Congratulations you hired a wonderful person.
Thank you for being who you are and what you do because you do a marvelous job except for that person yesterday.
I just thank you that he's there and he wished me a Happy Mother's Day and that made my day.
And I might help for having me as a client and thank you that'll be good.
She was very knowledgeable very polite and I appreciate all the help that she gave me and I hope and pray that you will continue to have people like her to help customers.
And I was satisfied with it and I thank you all very much and everybody have a blessed afternoon.
Well I appreciate everything that the recorder helped me with and thank you and I hope you all have a blessed day.
I think you could not have been improved on so thank you very much for your help.
I thank her for her kindness.
And I thank God for everything he done for me.
I thank him for his caring patience.
I think Felicia done a very good job and I thank her very much for helping me.
Everything was perfect thank you so much I appreciate your help good bye.
There's been absolutely no problem and I thank you for that.
I thank y'all for the help and God bless.
So thank you so much for directing me to her and bye bye.
And (unclear) was very helpful thank you for your time and your help goodbye.
Your customer representative was very informative and I thank her very much for finding out and resolving my issues.
I look forward to working with you all in the future.
So I just wanna thank you UHC for Donna and I just wanna thank you UHC period.
You've been a lot of help I mean I thank you all for helping me and I really do appreciate it thank you very much.
So that's all I have to say thank you.
Eventually it was taken care of to my satisfaction and thank you very much.
Well I wish a thank you and that young lady that helped me out.
I have to thank you for hiring Rose.
So thank you so much and if you need anything else my name is Pat Lokai my telephone number home number is 9372366666 thank you so much for taking this.
And I want to thank him for doing a good job.
But I really appreciate the service that UHC has given me in the past and is going to give me in the future so thank you.
But y'all have been very good to me and I thank y'all for that very much.
Done an excellent job and thank you.
So I'm grateful for it and I'm thankful for your great customer service.
I I'm very satisfied with my experience and thank you.
It was a wonderful experience and I thank you so much for being there for me.
He's helping me out and I thank you again.
I couldn't ask for better service and I appreciate that and I thank you.
So kudos to him and I would like to hear from you and have you tell me that you heard from me and my comments are appreciated and you're going to get him as close to being the United States president as you possibly can.
I received extremely helpful service from Richard in Optum customer service so thank you for that.
And they took care of our situation and we thank you so much.
I all I can say is thank you to the representative that represented me today.
So I'm very satisfied and I thank you for your help bye bye now.
Appreciated the service from Ashley thank you.
I'm very satisfied with the information I received from her and I thank her very much for that.
So anyway I just thank you very much I thank Dimitrius Demitria Allan was her name I thank her very much for trying to explain things to me she was very patient and so that's my story.
And even gave me extra information and I thank you extremely much.
And I appreciate all your help (unclear) okay thank you.
Thank her very much and I hope her boss and superiors will get this little message.
I appreciate the help and it's always been good so thank you.
And thank you very much and I hope you continue to have my confidence in you in the future.
I talked to her this afternoon thank you.
And I want to thank her very much for her kindness and her service.
And I thank you very much for the very good service that you provide for me.
I appreciate the service and thank God for y'all.
Brandon was perfect I had a good conversation and I thank you very much for your service.
I thank them a lot for their great service.
I really appreciate UHC and thank you.
Anyway you folks have been fine and I thank you for it.
I just want to say all of your agents have been outstanding and I don't know how you can say it but be sure to say thank you again.
I appreciate the help that you all have given me.
So thank you for taking the time to listen to this message and I hope you have a wonderful day.
I thank you so much for having such a wonderful representative explaining a lot of things to me.
in her powers to help me with my issue so I thank you very much.
And I think she was wonderful so thank everybody for helping me 'cause you made my day.
So I thank you you know for her professionalism and her.
It was all very good and we thank you very much for your customer service.
The experience was a marvelous experience for me today and I thank you for helpful people like the agent Monica who helped me.
What? What did you say? Hello? I thank you for the people and help me and you know that I appreciate for you know they explained to me clear and nice.
And I thank you so much for having someone like that that I was able to speak to.
But the young man I spoke to was wonderful and thank you so much.
I think Naomi did a wonderful job and I want to thank you and your company for that.
Anyway I called just for that and thank you for helping me today.
Gave me information that I wasn't aware of concerning my med's and I'm very grateful and I thank you so much and good luck to Brad.
You know thank her for me I appreciate that kind of service from your healthcare so thank you so much bye.
So I wanna thank them and I wanna thank you guys for all your help.
I had the best person talking to me today and I thank the Lord that it was Brian was the one who I got a chance to talk today and I really appreciate it and may God continue to bless him and thank you.
And I hope that you give kudos to your great employees.
So anyway thank you very much for letting me give my opinion.
I thank her and I thank her establishment for keeping someone like that in your business.
Outstanding customer service and I thank you so much.
I want to thank AARP and Connie who I spoke with.
I love you all I love the care I'm getting.
Javier was fantastic so I appreciate all the help and thank you very much.
I want to thank your company for the excellent service.
And I just want to thank you so much for the excellent service that your representatives always provide to me whenever I call.
Thank you so much UHC and what you all doing with my momma.
I had all my questions thoroughly discussed and resolved and I thank you for the help that you've given me.
But she was lovely and I thank you thank you thank you ladies and gentleman because Medicare is a great thing and I sure as heck hope that Trump knows that he should not reduce it.
I was treated very nicely and answered all the questions and thank you so much for all the help that you've helped us with.
You did very well and I'm very pleased with the health plan so thank you very much.
And I thank you for having representatives like him I mean you know on our side.
You don't know how much and I really thank you from the bottom of my heart thank you bye.
No I was happy with everything you done thank you very much goodbye.
I had excellent service and I thank you very much.
I thank you very much for the opportunity here to say the one thing you could have done better for me and I can't think of anything right now he spoke with Carl the customer service rep today on Friday May 18th at 9:15 in the morning California time he was absolutely very compassionate individual with regard to my pharmacy benefits and I thank you very much for people like Carl today and I talk to a nice lady last night and everything named Becky thank you so much.
So I really appreciate UHC and all the representatives thank you bye bye.
She was very completely very nice very interested about me and my problems and gave me answers to help take care of them and I am just totally pleased with the service and the quality of people that I talked to with United Health and I thank you all and God bless you all thank you.
I just wanna say I think AARP is a magnificent blessing to me and I thank you very much and God bless you all.
I appreciate you all helping me.
So I have no comments other than that and thank you and goodbye.
Thank you for employing her and that's all I have to say about it.
Congratulations on having such wonderful employee.
What information I received today is exactly what I feel I need and I am so grateful for your help and the help of all these folks I have spoken to today.
Very happy with UHC so keep up the good work thank you bye.
thank you so much y'all did wonderful I don't see anything at this time that you need to improve on Jennifer was courteous very patient with me and gave me all the information I requested thank you so very much.
I was given good information and I thank you for your good work.
The representative was knowledgeable and very understanding of my questions and thank you so much.
was absolutely wonderful and I thank you for your help.
I had a call earlier but I don't know who it was and I don't know why so thank you so much and thank you UHC for being so kind to me.
So I am totally grateful for that and I am grateful for y'all.
I am grateful to thank y'all for letting me be a member of y'all.
She's wonderful and thank you very much for having such a good representative bye.
Your representative's name was Anna and she did an excellent job I thank you very much I was very happy to speak with UHC today thank you.
She made me feel relaxed about things and that I'm being taken care of and I thank you and I thank her very much.
And keep up the good work and thank God that you all are there for me.
Thank you again and I was very pleased with her because she answered all my questions patiently and very clearly.
I really enjoyed speaking to your representative thank you.
I am very satisfied with the help that I got and they did everything just right and I thank everyone so much God bless you all and have a great day.
I want you to thank Julia.
You done great and I really appreciate your help and will keep you up.
I appreciate the support you have given my mom and myself.
All my questions were addressed and thank you for being there for me.
Have a blessed day and thank you so much.
But thank you so much that I did get to talk to Tim because he took care of everything.
I appreciate everything and thank you.
I hope everybody is as good as her and I just want to thank you and I want to thank her again for the terrific job she did for me.
I was very happy with customer service I got today so thank you very much.
No it was a good service and thank you very much for having capable people to help the customers.
I am so happy I'm with you and I appreciate the professionalism and the follow through with your agents.
Excellent she was excellent and I thank you so much for having her as your employee.
And the personal touches that you give to where I thank you.
I appreciate your business your help and everything that I have needed you for.
So I thank you for everything you've done for me thank you.
I don't think you could have done better everything was very satisfactory and I appreciate your help thank you thank you very much.
And I thank United for hiring her and her courtesy and patience and her knowledge that she shared with me.
The gentleman that helped me was very courteous and patient with my stupid questions and I just thank you all so very much for being there for me when I need (unclear).
You have a good day and thank you so much goodbye.
I'm totally satisfied and I really appreciate it and UHC is great and thank you very much.
I don't need (unclear) for me thank you guys.
Thanks for always being so nice to us.
So I thank her for great service.
I appreciate you and I appreciate your people and I just wanted to let you know that I am truly grateful for having AARP United Healthcare as my provider.
I thank you people for just being with me.
I give her an eight for greatness and thank you for the survey.
You did everything just perfect for me and I thank you for that very much.
You were satisfactory you've answered my questions and took care of everything and I appreciate it very much thank you you have a good evening bye bye.
I love to talk to you guys because at least I get the right answers and I thank you very much for dealing with this and I thank you very much for settling that up that I had an issue with and.
Thank you very much for giving me such a good person okay let's go to the next one.
I was satisfied with all the information I get thank you very much.
She makes you feel (unclear) thank you so much for calling.
My questions were all answered and she gave me excellent and helpful advice and I really appreciated Grace today and thank you so much.
My person I was in touch with was very kind explained everything and (unclear) so I thank you very much and thank you for the gift certificate.
I am grateful for all of you.
But I appreciate all the work they gave me so thank you and bye.
She was fantastic and I appreciate the assistance that she gave to me thank you.
I am so grateful for the UHC Complete Plan thank you very much.
I am so pleased with the service and I do thank y'all so much.
Everything I'm satisfied so I'm very happy thank you for Miss Beverly assisting me with my issue.
You all have been real great for me and I wanna thank you all so much for getting me back to my HMO and off the PPO.
answered my questions right away thank you.
I'm very pleased with your service it's very you know definitely excellent and I thank you very much.
So I thank you for the good care that you have given me and the courtesy.
So thank you very much and feel free to contact me with any questions on my father's phone number 8012780644.
The service was absolutely perfect and I thank you very very much and thanks for letting me take the survey.
I appreciate your help and thank you.
I thank God that I am with you all.
I have no complaints and I'm very happy and I want to thank you very much for your help.
There wasn't anything anyone could've done better and I thank you and I thank her.
So I'd like to say thank you.
So everything that we could have asked for today was provided by Miss Angeline and we want to thank you and her very much.
You guys have a good evening and thank you for your service.
So thanks for all the help and I hope you resolve the issue.
I truly appreciate all of the help thank you.
Thank you so much and I enjoy being a customer of United Healthcare.
Thank you so much and I'm so glad that I am a member of your HMO.
She was excellent and I thank you for your customer service.
Thank you so much and all your staff is wonderful when I have to call in for whatever reason.
And I thank you all and thanks again for taking care of me.
And I just wanna thank you guys for all that you do.
I talked to a Christine and she was absolutely wonderful and I thank you very much for being with the opportunity to have this insurance thank you.
I'm happy to report you service is exemplary and thank you very much.
I really want to thank you for this.
She just thank you for your whatever and hung up.
I want to thank Deborah and United Healthcare for their sparkling service.
Thank you so much for keeping (unclear) with it and go through it to the satisfaction that we needed.
And I congratulate you on having people like this young lady.
Ebony helped me very patiently and very professional and I thank you for your help.
I want to stay with United Healthcare and so thank you very much for Ann and I appreciate being with you.
That's my only complaint but thank you very much for your time bye.
And she said thank you for being concerned and I said you too she's a lovely lady-.
I really appreciate United Healthcare and all of your wonderful representatives that you have working there.
Everything is satisfactory and I commend this sales this customer service person who help us today.
Everything was perfect and thank you so much for hiring quality people to man your customer service lines.
Well I enjoyed it all and I thank you for giving me some new information that I needed.
Thank you for the help that she gave me and I really appreciate it.
We wanna thank Kayla very much for her exemplar customer service thank you so much.
she went above and beyond for me so I so appreciate it and thank you so much (Unclear) and thank you again and have a wonderful day.
And I do appreciate all of her help and I hope she has a wonderful blessed weekend.
And very friendly representative thank you for her time.
So I am very satisfied thank you for your service.
And listening with me and being so patient I thank her I thank you bye now.
You already reached the top thank you so much for your courtesy and the people that were courteous to me.
Thank you so much and it's just a pleasure having United Healthcare involved in my medical care team.
She was such a big help to me and I thank you very much.
The UHC representatives are working very hard to resolve my various issues and thank you so much.
And I understand exactly what he had to tell me and I thank you very much for it goodbye.
Very knowledgeable and thank you so much for helping me.
So you have a happy day and thank you so much.
And I thank you so much for allowing me to be a customer of UHC.
I just (unclear) to let you know that Sonya Wolf your representative was very helpful professional and I thank her very much and I thank you for that.
Thank you very much for letting me let you know this.
She helped me greatly and so was the other representatives that I spoke to today my name is Norma (unclear) and if you need to speak to me further my phone number is 5626441259 and I want to thank you so much for helping me out.
I thank the Lord for all the help they give me all the time.
I really appreciated her and I wanted to thank her for the service that I received today.
Service is excellent and I thank you.
The call today was answered to my satisfaction and thank you for your help.
I am so excited since this is my first time using Medicare and I want to thank you for it for having such good customer service representatives.
So I thank him very much for what he has done for me personally.
She does very good work and I recommend her and I thank you so much.
He cared about my health and I thank him for that.
Y'all are very good people and I thank you for it.
She is a honor to your company so thank you very much.
I was treated very politely thank you.
Rhonda was very helpful and answered my question immediately thank you very much.
Thank you very much Catherine for going over the received letter regarding the estate of my sister Diane Hoffman.
So I appreciate all your time and help and thank you and have a wonderful Memorial weekend.
I have no complaints and I would like to thank each and every one of y'all.
I think everything was covered very well thank you very much and have a nice day thank you for being UHC and supporting us elderly.
I want to say thank you very much for the help I get from UHC they're very professional and they always able to help me.
I just thank God for my insurance thank you.
the answers that you give me and you've been a great help to me and I appreciate all you've done and I thank you very much.
The representative was just great and I thank you for your help.
I have nothing but kudos for that agent thank you.
You did everything very well and I thank you.
I was real pleased with everything that they told me and I thank you very much.
All the people were very nice to me and I thank you for that very much.
Well I just wanna thank you for all your help.
She is a wonderful person and God bless her for the efforts that she made on my behalf.
I thank God for what she has done for me.
Actually everything went well so I appreciate you guys and I thank you for helping me out.
Superb person and (unclear) I can only say thank you for having people like Chris.
Got my answer and I thank you.
I have no complaints whatsoever and thank you for being so nice.
And I just wanted to thank you for that gentleman for helping me out I have no complain about it.
And just thank you so much and God bless you and John it was wonderful wonderful praise the Lord because I don't want get another colon blockage my husband's in rehab from colon surgery and I have had colon surgery and two blockages that's why I need this medicine but thank you ever so much and God bless you all thank you.
I want to thank her again.
He (unclear) questions that I asked about my needs for an appointment and they explained to me very thoroughly and I enjoyed what the representative had to say and I thank you very much and God bless you.
In my book you did a perfect job and I thank you dearly for it.
So I just wanted to say thank you.
I'm good to go so thank you very much because he is terrific and I think you should give him a raise.
So I don't know no other way you could have made it any better and I thank you for your service and I thank you for your help.
So they've helped me solve the problem of accessing the website the UHC (unclear) website so I'm very grateful very appreciative and I thank you very much for such wonderful staff and staff members to help us seniors.
Y'all did everything just perfect and I appreciate everybody that's in UHC and I thank you so much.
Please thank the lady that waited on me.
So I do wanna thank her for that and thank UHC also for all their help thank you bye bye.
So everything was fine and I thank you very much for all his help.
Answered my questions that I wanted to know and I appreciate it and I say thank you and God bless you and Jesus save us all.
I appreciate it and I'm glad to be in UHC center and thank you.
I hope can be to all of you there that are employed and have dealt with me in the past and I just wanted to say that thank you for giving me the opportunity to once again thank you for your professionalism and the service you provide.
Proud of you Angela.
The operator I spoke to is very helpful thank you so much goodbye.
So I appreciate all help and courtesy oh my gosh great courtesy great empathy and compassion.
And I really appreciate her being there today on this holiday and I thank her for her services she was great.
You're very helpful and I appreciate it thank you.
(Unclear) did a great excellent job thank you very much and God bless you all bye bye.
First of all I want to pay my respects and say thank you for (unclear) she was outstanding okay.
Thank you for your for caring and I hope you do let Ms (unclear) that I'm very grateful.
I liked to thank you very much to Jenny an agent from Oklahoma she helped me a lot.
I love her for that and I want to thank you.
I you people give me good service and I appreciate it thank you.
I do wish to commend your employee Priscilla.
Thank you very much for having assisted me and being so kind to me.
So I am highly satisfied and thank you Maria.
I appreciate you having real people and thanks again and special kudos to Dray for her good work.
And I want to thank Eric too for being so patient with me.
She went above and beyond what she needed to do to assist me and I appreciate and thank you for your services through United Health.
The conversation was very clear and the information was given to me with very clear explanation and I appreciate it very much and I'm very thankful for all that you're doing to help us with our health so thank you so much.
I think you guys are great and thank you so much and just continue to give the good service.
And I thank you guys for the service that you provide.
It was very appreciative of what she did for me thank you very much.
I just want to thank you all of you and yours for being there when someone needs you.
At this point I'm not sure so I thank you for your time and hers.
They I have no words to tell you thank you for the service and keep up the good job.
So I appreciate the courtesy you give me and all of the help you give me.
I am grateful for the help she has given me.
I was satisfied with everything (unclear) and I appreciate you all taking my payment (unclear) and again may God bless all of you all.
You guys (unclear) excellent job (unclear) and I do appreciate and I thank you very much for it.
I feel really (unclear) thank you so much you did a wonderful job.
They're very responsible and thank you for you service.
I appreciated her kindness and her consideration for helping my husband and myself.
My name is Linda (unclear) 7604988636 thank you so much for your time.
She went out of the way she helped me out and God bless her and thank you thank God for everything.
I do appreciate your help and thank you so much.
You took very care of me and thank you so much.
She answered my question right away and everything was taken care of and I thank you very much for your excellent service.
The lady that I talked to was wonderful thank you very much.
I thank you for the lady that helped me today and I kind of understand.
I look forward to talking with you again.
And I really appreciate you people for doing an excellent job.
The girl that helped with this tonight and I thank her very much for helping me.
I think y'all did a wonderful job in helping me and I thank you very much.
I am completely satisfied and thank you to all of you.
A wonderful experience and I thank you.
So I really appreciate Phyllis and the helpfulness that she was for me today.
Because everything was perfect and I thank you for helping me.
And I just want to thank you for having such courteous people personnel's working for you.
The girl was wonderful that I spoke with and I thank you very much.
I just thank you all so much for your help and it's just a wonderful it's a wonderful situation.
I want to thank her personally.
I thank you for your help and I will take care of the matter that I discovered with your customer service rep.
I thank you so very much for always being courteous and helping me through my situation I think I have when I don't actually have but thank you anyway.
But I still appreciate all your services so thank you.
I was very satisfied with the call thank you bye bye.
It was very pleasant thank you for your time.
Anyway I am very grateful with you guys.
A wonderful experience very good job and I thank the young lady for helping me thank you very much.
I feel much better that I talked with her and I thank her for that and I thank you for UHC.
No she took care of everything for me and thank you so much.
I appreciate her tremendously and thank you very much for helping me.
So I am looking forward to hearing back from her and thank you so much.
I am perfectly satisfied and thank you for all your cooperation and have a blessed day.
Thank you for having her on board with you and that's all there is.
I have no complaints and I thank you very much for serving me over the years.
So thank you very much she did a nice job assisting me with my request.
And I thank her very much for trying to help me and sort things out.
Grateful to UHC and grateful to Latifa especially okay.
So I thank you's all for participating in my questions.
I swear to god you are the best customer service people I've ever seen in my life and I thank you for that and that's why I'm staying with you forever.
I really appreciate the service that I received and I look forward to dealing with you guys again.
I do thank UHC for everything they did on this day here for my sister.
And so she just answered our questions and was very nice so we thank her and thank you for this bye bye.
She did a wonderful job thank you have a great day God bless you bye bye.
I am satisfied with the service that was provided and I thank you guys very much.
Professional and I thank you all United Healthcare.
He helped me a lot and I commend him and I bless him and his wife.
So thank you for doing all that there for me and you helped me tremendously on the phone with all the things and questions that I asked him to do for me.
Thank you I certainly appreciate your efforts on my behalf.
Just thank you for everything you have done for me.
I appreciate the help and thank you.
I mean to Manila and also to everyone to the Philippines Filipino and also and I'm thank you for the first advocate.
All my questions was asked and thank you so much.
And I would recommend you to anybody and I wanna thank you and you have a good day.
And I had a great experience and I thank you for that.
And I do appreciate the help that she was willing to give and thank you so much.
Everything went beautiful and thank you to Mr Anthony Green he was very helpful very informative and I really appreciated his help thank you so much.
You have done excellent always each time that I have called I thank you so much.
So I just thank you all UHC that you're doing a marvelous job.
I thank you very much for a timely service and I would recommend the United Healthcare to anybody.
They are wonderful to work with and I appreciate you very much.
I was very satisfied with all your help okay thank you bye.
This young man is outstanding again his name is Adrienne and I sincerely appreciate the service that he gave me thank you goodbye.
I thank UHC service for their interactions work with mer and I really appreciate it.
It was a great call a great service and thank you very much.
Nothing the service was great thank you so much I'm very friendly very helpful thank you so much.
Your service was very good and your agent Raymond was excellent and he has helped us very much and has informed us about the passport part of our AARP insurance which I was not aware of so thank you very much and I appreciate Raymond and your help thank you bye bye.
You know and I'm very happy with your service thank you.
You're a blessing to me and my wife and we appreciate it very much.
And I thank God he sent her for me thank you.
So I'm going to give him a call and I hope that they can take me very soon and thank you so very much and I appreciate the help you just given me.
Thank you so much for having someone like him that took the time to resolve the issues that were very heavy on my heart.
And so I really appreciate and so therefore you should give her a thank you.
So I want to thank her for that.
So thank you for having him there to work for you and us.
So may you all be blessed and thank you.
So I just wanna thank you again for courteous service and expedient service and competent service.
I couldn't be more pleased with this servicing plan and thank you so much for all you do.
Got appreciated your help and thank you very much.
(Unclear) have this and very pleased that went to my favor today so thank you very much.
The representative that you have is extremely nice and I thank you for it.
Your agents are great and I appreciate it thank you.
Very pleased with Optum thank you.
I thank you so very much for the service I received this morning and keep up the great work.
But anyway with that said you all have a wonderful day and thank you so much.
I just really appreciated talking with her thank you bye.
I'm very satisfied and thank you for that.
to speak to a representative which was great thank you very much.
Samantha did help us and our customer service is always wonderful thank you so much.
I'm very pleased hope you all have a good day thank you bye.
The representative was wonderful and thank you for helping me be part of the plan that (unclear).
And I thank you for the experience that I had today.
So kudos to Natalie and to you because you hired her and she's very good.
Very patient and I felt no stress at all with her helping me so thank you very much for the good service.
They were very helpful I appreciate it thank you.
And I thank her very much and I'm sure she's a great asset to your company and I say thanks again.
Chris is a wonderful representative for your company and I hope that he is part of management because he really is a very good customer service professional and I thank you so much for letting me speak with Chris.
Chris did well in everything I asked him thank you very much and good bye.
Everything I asked (unclear) was provided thank you very much have a blessed day.
And very friendly voice and thank you again.
Again I thank you for being the best of UHC.
I thank UHC I appreciate trying to help me to get it right 'cause I need them thank you.
He did a wonderful job thank you very much you have a good day.
I was completely satisfied and I appreciate your service very much thank you.
So I wanna thank her for and acknowledge her professionalism.
Thank you very much for all the help that you've given me UHC has been especially helpful in all the questions that I have asked (unclear) so I believe you all have the people that are working for you are specialists.
I'm very satisfied with the service of Brian in Georgia and I thank you very much for his being there.
I thank the girl that I talked to answered all the questions I had thank you.
Everything was (unclear) professionally and I thank the young lady very much for her courteous (unclear) and right information thank you.
I thank you for your professionalism and we're completely satisfied with the results of our call.
I want to thank you for the people that you have on staff.
I appreciate speaking with her and thanks for the information.
Oh you were very good today Miss May I thank you very much for the help you gave me thank you.
I thank you for my help your help bye bye.
I thought the call was very helpful and thank you very much for answering my question.
You guys have always been great and I appreciate your help thank you.
UHC been very good to me and I really love they service God bless you and thank you.
I want to thank you very much for all your help and you have a nice day.
Thank you for his help and for my understanding that he gave me (unclear) bye.
The young ladies from United helped me very kindly and I give you many thanks and may God continue to bless you.
Kudos to your employee thank you.
Again thank you very much and also like to say thank you Maliki he's the one that helped me and helped me a lot.
So I just want to thank him for being kind and nice.
Everything was perfect today thank you very much for you excellent help.
And I thank you guys for being so nice to me.
