I have a slight hearing problem and I was having a small problem understanding the lady Nikki that I was taking to so I had to ask a couple times what she had said on the phone.
Joy is going to call my doctor's office and hopefully when this is resolved today I will be very satisfied and give a ten for her concern and her handling of the situation.
The service representative handled the call very well and I appreciate the help that she gave me in getting the payment posted to the account and the confirmation number and she even seemed (unclear).
I had a very good experience with Charlene and all of my questions were answered.
I called to renew my gym membership and I was very disappointed.
I've gotten general information and customer service was very helpful and very (unclear) in general but even they couldn't be specific with me about the work (unclear) self administering drugs so I still have questions I need to track down from the hospital.
I was transferred over and to the Optum Rx and was treated very professionally on the call I initially made.
And on the second call and what the situation I had was resolved so there's no further problems but I thought it was very well handled.
I received a letter yesterday that was fairly easily misunderstood and I had the frustration of reading the letter after 8:00 and that is when the phone line have closed so that was my biggest frustration is questioning what was happening and part of it was end of service.
She couldn't answer my questions that I had she needed more information so she was going to research it and give me a call back.
I called in to ask a question about (unclear) the doctor you know to take this plan that I have and the young lady was very professional and very friendly and nice and she answered my question.
Louisa who I talked to first put me on hold for 11 minutes.
a experience speaking to her and for her finding me a doctor.
Your customer service rep was able to do exactly that I needed and he was very pleasant and I just want to say thank you.
The young lady that I spoke to Kathy was excellent in explaining the issue I had and I was in error regarding a statement I had gotten and she clarified it.
I was just looking for some guidance my wife just passed away and it says for me to call you if I had any questions.
And I had a few questions all so you could tell me was to contact Social Security.
But mind I enjoyed talking to her while she looked up my information.
I really don't have anything to tell you that you could do better because the woman answered my questions and I was completely satisfied with what she had to tell me.
My primary doctor had retired in January so I was giving her the name of my new primary who is in the same medical group and she checked and of course she is within the network but she said that because I was just giving her the name of the doctor even though I have already seen him that whatever he would charge was not going to be covered and I had to see my previous doctor.
I had excellent service with Cameron and I spoke to his supervisor Adam which also informed him how well he was as a customer service rep.
On my first call to customer service for the medical coverage I gave my date of birth twice and I told the representative what I was calling about and I was asked for my date of birth couple of times and I also was asked why I was calling when I mentioned that in my first call.
Beth who was the agent I talked to was very nice and she gave me all the information I needed to take to my doctors and to see what medications I could afford.
I had trouble getting through and finally in desperation just gave up and forwarded me to a person.
I had to ask her a second question that was not in her realm but she found out for me and came back and told me and I really appreciated it.
She answered it quickly and asked if I needed any other help and I thought that was very kind.
I talked to someone named David on the 28th of April and he gave me a bunch of misinformation.
And then he also told me that someone would call me back on Monday the 30th of April and I waited by the phone all day and nobody called me back.
It was difficult for them to find my PCP's name in your database but other than that I was very satisfied (unclear) with her help.
The second call the man helped me and he asked me a question I didn't have enough information for so I had to call find out the information call back again.
I tried to give her a review and I was cut off and then the lady I just spoke to Marsha.
the gentleman that helped me named Fisher he went out of his way to get information for me and help me and he answered all my questions and even.
I have no complaints about how my questions were handled Ronnie did a great job and even did some extra research to make sure that he could answer my questions correctly about the medication I was asking about.
The lady that helped me Sandy was absolutely wonderful patient answered all my questions so I was very impressed and I will take the information she gave me and go with it.
But the representative Tylie today immediately recognized the issue and worked to resolve it with me to my satisfaction.
I just think because she knew exactly where to look to find the answer to my questions it was very helpful and time saving.
I really appreciate your help today and I stayed on the line and the person on the other side came back quickly and we handled.
No you referred me quickly to the person I wanted to talk with and she was excellent.
He was very patient and considerate with what I had to say and made a few phone calls to resolve the problem.
Sharon was the person that helped me and she made the calls that needed to be made and she's going to follow through with another call in the morning and let me know what she finds out.
However when I called back and spoke with Kateland I got everything handled in a few moments.
I had called previously and expected to be sent my ID card and did not receive it but when I called today the gentleman was very helpful and I hope to receive it this time so (unclear) if I don't get it.
But the lady I just talked to on the phone was very helpful and helped me find another provider.
But I just wanted to (unclear) Curtis was so helpful to me he pursued all the information and he came up with a solution (unclear) previous person when I called Christina when I called customer service was not able to come to that satisfaction.
The customer service rep was excellent she helped me out a great deal and gave me information that I didn't ask for but needed to know.
I can't think of anything that you could have done better because I was our phone was answered the phone call was answered quickly.
My question was answered quickly I was understood I could understand the lady that I was talking to.
She answered my questions and offered to direct me to other calls if I was interested.
I could hear people in the background but nobody ever answered and then finally I was disconnected.
The representative never came back to the phone and I was telling her my situation when she said she'd be back.
I needed to change my address in 2 different places and she did it and she was very nice and looked up a doctor for me and you know several things.
The automatic answering worked very well and I was put in a queue to be answered but I got disconnected.
When I made the initial call I was told that there were other people waiting to talk so I was in line.
And when I did that I went right back to the beginning with the initial message that there were many people waiting to talk and I was in line.
I'm very satisfied with the services I received when I did call UHC and the people were very very accommodating.
Jay is a wonderful customer service representative and I got all my questions answered and she was patient and it took awhile.
I spoke with the representative by the name of Michelle who was most patient courteous friendly professional and just helped to ease my anxiety over my misunderstanding of my bill.
I talked to (unclear) and I talked to Carl and I got my message across.
And it affected several of my providers and I spoke with Anna on the phone today spent quite a while on there and was very satisfied with the way she handled everything and she took everything one step at a time and resolved things as she went along and was very pleased with the service.
The lady who dealt with me did a very fine job and she did some checking and she really responded to my request and had answers that fully satisfied me.
I couldn't tell you anything that you could done better because the young man that I talked to he answered all of my questions and he took care of me real fast so I have no complaints.
Actually the representative that I just worked with was very patient and flexible and really tried to resolve the issues for Missus (Unclear) account.
I then went to Samantha customer service supervisor your regular customer service and she was able to explain everything for me.
I called yesterday and the person I talked to was not helpful at all and gave me the wrong information.
No I had a very good experience with a girl named Tameka and I just wanted to say that she answered as many questions as I gave her and took her time and she was very patient.
Joan the customer service person actually gave me information that I had not received before about my plan.
I thought my telephone call was handled very well.
The care person was very patient with me and checked out and I felt went above what I was asking for.
But I was not able to be served because when I got there that's when they informed me after looking at the card and after a conversation I had had with UHC that it was accepted.
Somebody else came on and he picked up the conversation and he actually was quite helpful.
And I want to make sure he was still in the system and the young lady who answered the phone answered.
I do want to say the last time I called my grandchild came in the room and I couldn't hear the instructions.
Speaking with Joy who got onto other lines and talked to other departments and found out the information and found that indeed my application had been accepted and processed.
We were both having some problems she had to constantly ask me my information over and over and had my routing number wrong and then she left me for awhile maybe a good minute or more.
she was just on task and she cleared my doubt and she contacted the offices.
I talked to Andrew and he answered my questions and told me exactly what I wanted to know.
And she took care of my problem and stayed with it until she found the correct answer.
She spent a lot of time on the phone with me and explained things to me and trying to help me with my problem.
But then I called back and the representative was very helpful.
I asked a question and she looked it up.
The care giver that I picked was unaware that she was not under the provider that she was supposed to be and they denied me service and then they rescheduled me back.
Actually there was nothing to do better you answered the phone she took my information down and she processed what I requested in a very fast and expedient way so everything was great.
She was courteous polite and provided me with the proper phone number for me to remedy the situation that I'm addressing.
There was a lot of waiting through informational stuff in the beginning before I got to the representative the representative was excellent.
The representative that I talked to was very helpful in explaining my predicament and I really appreciated her being patient and explaining it to me.
First of all you could have had an English speaking person that answered the call the first time and actually could understand what I was saying.
There was background voices when I was talking to the customer service representative which was a bit annoying.
When I could not answer the automatic thing correctly she quickly referred me to an operator.
And I got my questions answered because she kept asking if I wanted to change doctors.
Actually the call went very well and Jasmine the person who answered the phone was very helpful and kind and got all the information taken care of that I needed.
Well when I called first the first person I talked to didn't know what I was asking for.
I wanted a drug disposal kit and she had to ask her supervisor who then got on the phone and helped me with that.
They found me by my phone number and date of birth and I didn't have to go through a long thing with giving him my card number and the representative I had was just very courteous very nice.
I was very impressed with the help that I got just now and the lady just went the extra mile for me in contacting my PCP and also giving good advice concerning issues that (unclear).
I asked her some and everything turned out excellent.
I'm going to say nothing because I called Jenny about changing my primary doctor and she gave me all kinds of information about other things I can do and questions.
I had to call back and I spoke with this person.
So he was very kind and created a complete form me that apparently was sent to the appeals and grievance department and again what I was just seeking was clarification for my ineligibility.
I had customer service agent Tuesday and she did a very thorough job of answering my questions.
All my questions were answered and the customer service person gave me a little bit more information but helped me out.
The customer service representative that I spoke with today was clear and concise and she answered my questions and offered to address any problems that I might have once I receive the requested form.
She identified what it was that I needed and told me that she would facilitate my getting the proper forms and that I could call if I needed assistance with them.
He answered my question and he made sure that he made suggestions and just asked if I had any questions and we went over a couple of different categories to see if after thinking it through I would come up with a question and I was very pleased with the interaction.
I was helped I was the call the person I called was extremely kind extremely patient and I have not a single complaint.
(Unclear) in customer service and she treated me wonderfully.
So that's very disappointing and I think it should be concerning to you as well and if anybody would like to contact me to get further information that would be fine.
The person I spoke to was unable to specifically answer the question I asked and she just gave me information which I had already been able to find online so it was really no help for me.
She made sure I was satisfied before we disconnected our call.
The person who talked to me (unclear) took care of my problem efficiently and quickly.
Rose gave me the answers and she checked with her supervisor to make sure she gave me the correct information.
I had to speak to four different people in order to get through to my to get an answer to my question and they were all courteous and nice and everything but it was just having to go from person to person over and over getting my information and having to be on hold.
I spoke to the representative but then took the time for her to come back and talk with me.
Jason was very nice and he took my payment my premium payment for two months.
I was extremely satisfied with the responses that I got from the young lady who answered the phone and I have no complaints.
It just took her a little long to find out the answer but she did come back with an answer.
She was very helpful in looking up and explaining my premiums and I thought I owed more and she said I already had a credit because I pay ahead.
So I called and she checked into it and the number the lady gave me.
Basically my wife died last month and I just had some questions on that.
Somehow we got disconnected but I did talk to Kara and she was very helpful she answered my questions and was very pleasant on the phone.
I did not receive it and that is why I am calling today and I talked to Liz who assured me that it was now an overnight and I should receive it as early as tomorrow no later than Wednesday so if I received it promptly I will be happy if I do not receive it promptly I will be very unhappy.
I had talked to two separate representatives that enrolled me and they were great it's Teresa for Medicare and Wayne for my Plan D.
They referred me to the people that I needed to contact and they have according to what they have told me everything had been corrected.
She answered all the questions and she got me all set up so I'm very satisfied with that and I would recommend UHC to anyone that was looking for a Medicaid insurance something like that.
And the lady whoever it was I didn't write down her name answered and then after she answered her name I was disconnected.
I haven't received the order forms so I needed those and she gave me this number that I can call and talk but she also was very kind.
(Unclear) really helped me out and called the doctor with me and whatever and got me appointments.
When I called last week and asked this question and it wasn't answered as well as it was answered today and I did go to a store and had to come back and call back in.
Finally the last person I spoke with tried to be very helpful however the information on my account was not could not be pulled up in her system.
The representative that I just spoke to was very helpful and he confirmed some information that I had that are nearly a little bit upset about a call that I got from Optum RX concerning this prescription because she gave me incorrect information which 'I thought was incorrect and I just want to verify that it was incorrect and it was.
I am very satisfied with UHC and Laura the lady that helped me was very good at her job she's gave me all my information and she even gave me further information that was very helpful.
She answered my questions she even called the clinic that I was been in with and I felt really secure now knowing that my insurance is going to cover this.
It was helpful she was friendly I got my information and I thank you.
I don't think you could've done anything better for me the person who answered the phone was very helpful and gave me my answer in just a matter of less than a minute.
There was nothing really that you could do better my I called twice in the last week and both questions were answered very quickly and the problem was resolved so it's extremely pleased.
Nothing at all it was quick it was wonderful I may have touched the wrong button but the service is certainly a 10 very impressive the (unclear) the phone call was answered and the (unclear) with which the representative was able to give me the information again definitely a 10 overall thank you.
She looked up information I asked for and she gave me a number to call Optum RX.
He was pleasant and asked me questions about what would help me and then when I asked him a question he answered totally.
I had to letter get coughed up in the mail and he just straightened it out for me and she said everything is fine so I'm happy.
I had a nice conversation with the gentleman that was talking to and resolved my problems thank you.
Actually can't think of anything my questions was completely answered and the service representative offered to make a phone call to clear up any misunderstanding with the provider I am completely 100% satisfied and appreciate her efforts thank you.
The customer service representative I spoke to was extremely helpful and I appreciate all the information she gave me on this issue.
The second representative never came back to me and then the call ended and then finally I redialed and got a Taylor and she was able to help me with everything I needed today.
She took quite a bit of time to answer my questions and help me out with my problem and it was resolved to the best of my answers that I was calling for.
I was told something different by the person I spoke with today than when I called last month.
I was satisfied with the customer service rep with whom I spoke however I had questions because of a brochure I received in the mail that talks about the rewards program.
Secure Horizons Dental and she was very informative and (unclear) took me three different people in being transferred and 45 minutes to get the answers I wanted.
Gloria was her name that was talking with me for a good 45 minutes to an hour.
She did a wonderful job taking down my information that I had to give to her.
The young lady previously did everything she could to get me the vision care I waited and waited and nobody sent me a letter stating that the doctor had to do it.
Someone had called me earlier this morning but they did not leave a complete message and I was trying to find out who so if you could leave complete messages or text or something of that nature then I could find out why.
I had no trouble communicating with the people that I needed to speak to about my coverage.
The customer service agent was very thorough very pleasant to speak to and I have no complaints nothing to recommend at this time.
I spoke with a representative named Pete and he straightened out all my questions about some procedure codes and preliminary diagnosis codes for a colonscopy for me and I wanna say thank you to him because I couldn't understand what they were talking about in a letter I received.
This is my second call today and this last call the person satisfied me with what I needed to know and he was very very helpful and I'm very pleased.
I had quite a question and I had to wait quite a bit for Denise and then I was cut off of the survey.
Her name was Sarah and she was so willing to listen to my problem and addressed it promptly and correctly.
The customer representative was very helpful and suggested I check with the billing.
And my wonderful representative today Dan pointed out to me that I actually did have the page I was missing.
I was happy that I got a customer service representative as fast as I did.
The young lady that I spoke with whose name was Maine like the state of Maine was very helpful and answered any possible questions I could have and gave me some information I wouldn't even have thought to ask so I was really satisfied with her help.
When I spoke to the representative your Preferred representative she gave me a confirmation number.
I heard the person I was talking to on the phone very clearly but there was a lot of background noise.
But when I was talking to the representative she was very patient with me and I couldn't have asked for a better service from the representative.
I called about dental benefits and Penny was very helpful explaining things to me.
She connected me to the person I needed to talk to.
And I can get that on the website which she so nicely provided me and I'll go looking for some of those answers myself.
Hold time was fine and got my questions answered professionally.
she went rambling on to explain things to me and it was very helpful.
The representative is doing an outstanding job in looking into it and will get back with me later on today.
The customer service person who helped me she was really nice and she answered all my questions.
Well I was speaking to a representative named Amanda at 8:15 and she was going to while I was on hold get in touch with the dental department and at 8:30 I got disconnected.
So I called back and spoke with Deangelo and he spoke with the dental department and put me through to them.
I was on the phone for over an hour before I could get an answer and the person I talked to I could not understand him and I kept having to ask what did you say.
I was just spoke to a rep just now that helped me with trying to fill an epic application.
I got the card and I filled in what I had to fill in so she was very helpful.
The phone conversation was kind of garbled and I don't know if it was my phone or hers.
Amy was so thorough with all her questions and actually got me signed up for email for my health plan and that was terrific.
She went and talked to the representative at the place that I was talking about my things at.
Unfortunately I did get disconnected from the first person but I called back the second person took right over and checked everything and finished up.
Shaneice was the caller and I give her a ten.
The person who helped me was the best that you could ever ask for and I was very pleased with the person who answered the phone.
Well I called with a question about related to an explanation of benefits and the young lady I talked to was not able to answer my question.
She tried but she was not able to answer it.
I had no problems at all dealing with your customer service and in fact I just got off the phone with Fiona and she was extremely helpful and answered everything and looked everything up just to be sure.
I called myself United Healthcare and got superb service from Shaundra who called the pharmacy with me on the phone and got it straightened out.
I asked her to give me that and she did.
First of all the woman that helped me today was extremely helpful and there was a question about what my doctor had scheduled and so she asked if she could put me on hold and she actually called the doctor's office and had to hold on for quite a while before she got through.
So I do keep a booklet in it and it matched up with what you told me but the paperwork that I've been sent isn't there and I keep everything so.
The customer service associate that helped me her name was Kristen and she stayed with me all the while all through my questions and my.
I got a referral close to home so at this point in time everything you did was done on point and thank you.
The first person that I talked to was very nice and she sent me over to the mail order program and you know she sent me over there they answered the phone and said call back (unclear) and so I had said there was nobody there and then the phone went dead.
The customer service representative I spoke with was knowledgeable offered me options and asked me to call back if I had any questions.
She helped me resolve a situation that I thought I resolved last week and did not know I was calling the wrong number.
And Anthony followed up and resolved it very quickly and really seemed to care about helping me and resolving the issue.
Thank you in this case I spoke with a woman named Kelly and she was most helpful and most courteous and she was able to provide me with the answer as to why I owe my $10.
I called several times and hew was the first person to stop and listen to what I had to say.
So I called back and then I got somebody.
I kept getting disconnected and then I've had my fourth person that I'd spoken to today apologize to me for the inconvenience so I really did appreciate that.
I think they did a lot of research to try to answer my questions but I'm not sure if I got the correct answer so even though this individual went above and beyond to get me the answers and also talking to the supervisor I'm still not sure I got the correct answer.
I called earlier today and I spoke with somebody named Ira.
I talked to someone named Michael and then someone named Walter and both of them solved my problems.
I had to ask her questions and she let me know about upcoming medical procedures that I should be looking into.
Your associate was very helpful in explaining things but I had trouble hearing the person I was speaking to.
However my issue was not resolved and I was supposed to be being transferred to someone who could help me and I got this survey instead.
I talked to Gloria and she was extremely helpful and looked up quite a few things to help me out.
The representative handled the call properly efficiently and gave me straight answers.
Yesterday I spoke to a number of people and including a supervisor's information that was conveyed and everybody gave me the wrong information.
He called and talked to the reception and stuff like that.
I think she covered it from 1-10 very well and enjoyed the conversation and the information verifying the doctor that was in network and whether he was a regular doctor or a specialist.
I don't believe she had a thorough knowledge of exactly what a routine eye exam is and she would not give me answers to what coding and I don't.
I was very satisfied with the call she answered my question she told me what to get from the doctor and how to call back thank you very much.
The representative on this particular call was very clear about what a routine eye exam is and her information was so much better than the previous call thank you goodbye.
Jenny was very helpful I have no other suggestions to make because she answered my questions and she investigated things that she didn't know about so she was very helpful.
The only thing I had called earlier I had called twice and I was gonna take the survey the first time and I waited on the line and I just got disconnected.
Well I called the office to get a referral and they were busy and they said they'd call me back as soon as they could.
I was put on hold by the lady that was assisting me but I lost the communication.
it was Maddie that I talked to her ID number is 643920.
The phone call dropped while I was speaking to the customer service representative and we were conversing for about an hour until we were unable to finalize the question the answer to the question.
I spoke to Addie and she was very helpful in dealing with the late enrollment penalty.
But it took too long and I had to ask her to provide the information to me later.
So when I called back and talked to the second girl and I know her name started with a P and it was quite a long name I just can't find it in my notes right now but anyway she was very helpful and gave me all the answers that I needed to know.
Went way beyond with making sure she answered my questions correctly and she took the time before she hung up that I understood and she went to great lengths to help me today which I greatly appreciated and I give her a high four.
She resolved my problem and did everything that I had asked her to do.
I found the service very helpful and all my questions were easily answered by Medicare Complete and UHC.
I did call last night and felt I had a pretty long wait time probably about ten twelve minutes but today was fine.
Very helpful and very did some digging on her part to get the answer so I have no complaint.
She did leave a message with them and she said she would get back to me when they got back to her and she said that could be by letter and that could take up to thirty days or sooner.
The original phone call that I was connected with a customer service rep she was transferring me to somebody who would be able to help me regarding my prescription discount and she disconnected me.
This has happened more than once to me while calling UHC and however the second person I spoke with named Carl was extremely helpful.
And she transferred me to somebody else who actually called my doctor to find out what was going on.
And then I was transferred back to David who took very good care of me and answered my questions.
She told me she would call back later what she said to them.
I was right in the middle of asking questions and this recording came on.
I had to say hello several times and I got the very clear impression that his headset was off and sitting probably on his desk while he went to do something real quick and he came right back.
She went in there and checked them.
I got good advice they were patient with me and each time I call I learn something that I do not know about my coverage.
So as far as recommending someone to (unclear) that would be a 10 and Leslie was absolutely fantastic and connected me with people and got all my questions answered and was very courteous and she's a great asset and employee to your company.
But I finally had to call back and speak to this young lady and she was very thorough giving me four different doctors that I have to depend on and then I have to contact them tomorrow with the doctor that I want.
And then the last person that I spoke with just kept yelling and speaking over me when I was trying to just answer her simple questions.
I called back with the proper information and the young lady named Priscilla was extremely helpful over and above.
The lady answered every question I had and gave me a phone number that I needed.
This is the sixth time I have called regarding this issue and the young lady I spoke with this time was able to help me but he waited an additional three minutes for me to hang up.
She ended the call and then she didn't transfer me to the survey until and I put it on mute because I knew she was still there and I started talking.
I talked to a man named Jay and got my satisfaction and an answer.
I have no complaints fortunately my wait time to speak to a customer service representative has ben very minimal and when I do get on the line with them like today they are very knowledgeable and helpful.
And then I was still having difficulty and she transferred me to technical support and even though I was on hold I reentered info and was able to solve my problem.
I was concerned about a correspondence I received in my name Linda Miller instead of Elizabeth L Miller.
You had a well informed and articulate operator who was patient with my questions and gave me the information I was looking for and I had my issues with UHC but certainly not with this particular service representative.
I had a lot of different questions about my doctor's appointment next week and she was wonderful.
She spoke to me and explained the situation to me.
The young lady I spoke with today was absolutely excellent she looked into the reason I was getting the calls regarding was I getting the most benefits out of my plan.
My visit today was much better than the previous call that I made to you about a couple of weeks ago.
I don't think you could improve I spoke with your representative and she was very courteous kind gave me all the information I needed she even went above and beyond by checking some more information for me.
I was responding to a call that I had and I think we covered what was.
I received a call yesterday and I was trying to get to the lady that called me and I couldn't get to her and the agents couldn't get in contact with her.
I was unable to sign up for mail order online and the representative talked me through it so it was a pretty seamless process.
She went out of her way to help me with what my questions were and to help me try to get some answers.
I spoke with the recording and I wanted to speak with a customer service person.
From my phone conversation today with Michelle I was very satisfied.
I was calling back they kept calling wanting me to set up an appointment so they could explain my healthcare to me better and but when I talked to this lady on the phone.
And I'm new and the first call they could not do anything I had to call back because I couldn't get answers from that gal that was doing it.
As always everybody was very helpful and operator was able to get me to the place I needed to go and resolved my issue.
She's been calling me back and I've been in the hospital been unable to take her calls and she needs to speak with me please email her please tell her to call me my name is James (unclear) and my phone number's 7203629428.
You she handled my calls very professionally so I had no other information to give you.
But he did go over everything with me on the phone which is extremely helpful.
The customer service person was very very helpful and connected to me connected me to the department I needed to go to.
I spoke with a representative named Shaquina but you were asking me in the last 6 months.
She was on the line with me helping me to discuss with that person what we were looking for.
I got a Spanish survey which I don't understand Spanish and she said okay I'll transfer for you to the other department and I said no may I speak to the.
I've called UHC 2 times in the last 3 days and the people on the other end were extremely courteous and really helpful.
It will be mailed to me the 17th of May and the pharmacist I talked to was very gracious and make sure that everything will be sent the way it should be.
Hello and I had a very good experience with Kylie who answered my questions in reference to a bill that I have from Florida hospital Flagler.
Anyway when I spoke to Al he relieved all the questions I had he answered and I feel very good now and I'm happy with the service I had.
Cathy the customer service representative with whom I spoke was perfect respectful courteous helped me get all my information.
She was very very knowledgeable and there was one question that she had to follow up on and she's going to do that and I'll get a call back tomorrow.
Emily looked up my records was able to be professional and give the customer care that I expect.
She helped me with a bill from Mother Frances and she told me information that I really did not know.
I had a good talk with the representative and she handled me and my problem right to the T.
The customer service person or the customer rep he answered my question to the satisfaction of his ability and I was very pleased.
I received the answers to my questions but it took a little research on the process of Crystal I believe it was I spoke to so that could have been more timely but otherwise I have no problem.
Shanice was very nice on the phone and had everything all the information correct.
The call was pretty much in a good time frame and the person that I received the information from was courteous and you know clear with her answers.
I spoke with a girl and she promised me the letter.
But 2 weeks ago I had a long talk with a lovely girl in the Philippines that promised me a letter and it was never sent out.
You gave me my options and I selected it and the person that came on answered my questions and so I'm good to go.
It was minor question I had asked on a bill of what I owed and she took care of it very nicely.
When I talked to Linda and we dropped the call and I just thought that Linda would give me a call back.
she was excellent in giving me the information that I needed and trying to help me find a physician that's actually in the network.
They were very kind to me and helped me out and got my appointment scheduled out.
Your agent was courteous (unclear) efficient and took care of my needs immediately.
And I was so glad that I called my insurance company because they knew exactly what I needed to do and what I had to tell my doctor.
Sunday when I called the lady I was talking to said they would get back with me within a day or two and they didn't so I called today and I got the information I needed.
Times I've called in the past regarding a different date of service in October the representatives were not very knowledgeable and were not able to help very well.
She was a wonderful customer service rep and she gave me all the answers thank you.
On one occasion I called and the answers I got were very confusing.
I got every bit of information from the girl who was talking to me.
Today I talked to somebody over the phone and this is my first call to UHC and I was very well informed and I appreciate it very much.
none of them met the criteria until I spoke to Darren and he helped me with a doctor that did.
I learned from the representative that a previous call the UHC should not have just said yes we pay for (unclear) without looking the vaccine the Shingles vaccine without looking at our account so the person today was very thorough she looked at our account and our coverage and she said that that first person I don't know it was a few weeks ago I called before I got the vaccine and they didn't ask about our plan at all they said we just pay we pay every one (unclear) so but today my representative did everything correctly and was very thorough and kept giving me more information that I hadn't even asked for she wanted me to understand how to file for my claims thank you.
He looked up all the information for me and helped me learn about my coverage so both guys did a good job but now the item is closed because I did my little research and called up and asked a question better and we all got done.
I talked to Katie first and then she transferred me to Tracy at vision care and all my questions were answered and thank you very much.
And so my questions Marsay answered my questions and helped me understand where I stand as far as so I can be released from the hospital and that I can just relax and unwind now between now and the surgery.
She was so helpful and went out of her way to help me and find out the information that I needed.
You could have fixed my account that I couldn't get on the web site the first time I called but this person did excellent and she got me in.
The time required was a bit long for a simple question but I was happy with the service.
And then she asked me about my physical and I told her that I was going to book it and that I was going to have my mammogram.
'Cause I was obviously either misinformed the first time or the second agent did not know what he was doing.
Initially I was not authorized to speak on behalf of my wife.
So I had to call the representative today and found out that office was closed and then we had a little bit of a problem trying to find the location close to me going by zip code and that wasn't working out too well and want the operator that helped me the representative that helped me was able to call ahead to get information and she told me I can call and get directions from them and she gave me their phone number.
So I didn't get an answer right now but they're supposed to call me within 14 days so I was happy with the girl I talked to.
The first time I called the lady didn't follow up and call me back.
UHC AARP gave us complete instructions and they double checked the coverage and we have peace about that and they answered every question and the lady was very kind and courteous.
Brianna your customer service agent was extremely polite courteous knowledgeable and I really appreciate her time and patience with helping me find the correct specialist location.
The problem I had was solved very quickly and the operator that answered the phone was super nice and super helpful.
And then she ended up telling me that I am authorized to speak for my husband because I wouldn't have submitted paperwork to you if not.
I was pretty satisfied with the call and my question was answered in a short order.
I spoke with someone named (unclear) and she was most helpful very pleasant and she gave me all the answers that I needed until I get to the next number that I need the help.
The representative did not speak clearly and had an accent that I could barely understand and he did not explain himself.
I called to ask a question about coverage and facilities and I was got the answer I wanted.
I was answered promptly and handled promptly.
The first rep that I called which was Optum had wrong information and I don't understand the information they came up with and (unclear).
I spoke to a woman named (unclear) who was very helpful she put me on hold and went ahead and made the call for me that I needed and got the information that I needed so I'm completely satisfied thank you very much.
There representative was on the phone and he gave a satisfactory answer.
But the second call which was with Charles and I did ask him where.
I spoke with Faith and she was very knowledgeable and very patient and she got me all the information and there was nothing I could dispute thank you so much.
I had an excellent contact rep who assisted me who was knowledgeable and I appreciate the rep.
Everything went well in this conversation and my questions were answered and I can leave this telephone call as being a satisfied customer.
I got connected to the incentives program directly and spoke to Lenora who was quick and efficient and listened to my chatter and got my reward established and my account opened.
And most recently I talk to somebody named Jerry yesterday who kind of put me off and said he'd call me back in the afternoon.
She had put me on hold for a brief time to do some researching but she got back to me and apologized for putting me on hold.
And it wasn't her fault that my question was not answered there was a robo call to my husband from UHC.
She did a really great job on explaining the different scenarios and even referred me to another number since it was not her department but I did get excellent service and she did I was able to set up direct deposit so the payments would come out of my checks so everything went well.
he called the place for me and told me all about the problem and I'm going to call them back and resolve it he was very helpful thank you.
I was very satisfied when I called in to make my May payment.
All of my questions and concerns were addressed and I appreciate the network in between my doctor and myself and the company.
I had some names and phone numbers to go on so I was very appreciative of her effort.
So I got information from Sharon today and I got information from Evan today and they were very good.
The question I had was answered fully and the request I had for a provider directory was warranted and it was acted upon so my issue was handled completely and thoroughly.
The others were unfortunate because they were not the right things I was supposed to be and I kept getting transferred to them by someone before them so when I finally got to Chelsea she answered all my questions very well very efficient.
No as a matter of fact I'm very satisfied I spoke to Alejandro who truly went out of his way to make sure he answered my question and as I told him I have (unclear) with (unclear) since I got my.
On another problem that I had there with my name on my card and gave me an address to write and she was very nice and very courteous and very patient so I.
She was excellent and I hung up accidentally before I had a chance to give my review for Sherry.
Yes I had called over an hour ago on a hard line that is still open but when I was talking to the lady she just laughed and went off into Neverneverland.
I was still in conversation with the young lady and apparently I was cut off and switched to this survey.
I have asked her to speak to a person a supervisor because I wanted to talk to a supervisor.
I don't know why he couldn't talk to me on the line that I was on but he couldn't talk to me and he said he had to call back.
Me being younger I followed up and made the call again because I'd been left a message of please call the second person who I just got off the phone with helped me out tremendously gave me information that I was requesting and the service was fine but between the automated system and the first call for an older person it could be a little tough.
I called in to have my password reset the young lady I spoke to first wasn't originally aware of the health safe ID she couldn't remember the name and then she tried to (unclear) reset my password and she could not I was on the phone with her for 20 minutes she's trying to get some extra help and she did try to help me but I was actually able to remember what it was and was able to access the account but it took a long time there was a lot of dead air and I did eventually solve it myself but I did appreciate her trying to help me thank you.
Everything was done great and the representative that I spoke with Alicia also recommended some other things to be done and so we were able to make a couple of changes to my father's account.
I spoke with Nympha and she was very helpful very courteous and I appreciate the help she has given me and she is following up on a further answer and will return my call tomorrow and give me the information on it.
The representative I spoke with answered my question right away and I was reassured that my diagnostic services will be covered.
She entered it and said that I could throw the letter that I had got in the mail away so everything has been.
But at the same time she prompted me (unclear) services and I told her that I wanted to do the withdrawals from my Social Security check and she took care of it very pleasantly and expeditiously.
And I was supposed to be getting some information the gentleman said he was going to mail to me and it's been several weeks or not several weeks several months and never got anything in the mail but this young lady helped me out and told me what I needed so thank you very much and like I said everybody should be on the same page.
Yes I called three times since December to make sure myself and my wife's passport was activated to different places we were at and I called today to activate it and the associate that took care of me activated everything but she says my passport was never activated.
Yes the girl that I spoke with her name was Ella she was very helpful gave me information on my questions and also gave me a couple of telephone numbers to call and I really appreciated it so very much.
It was the call that I had maybe two weeks ago where I got misinformation.
got on the phone quick and he answered my questions and gave me options and he was polite.
When I phoned Leo took care of me very speedily and very pleasantly.
I finally came across one representative Malia who was wonderful and after over an hour answered my question.
I called today to deactivate a passport and the girl was very helpful but in October when I activated it before my trip she said it was never activated.
She listened to my problem and she took immediate action.
She gave me direction told me what to do and checked out some information for me.
Very courteous but again I did not like the robot who answered the phone right away.
She (unclear) to call another department and she kept checking in with me letting me know that you know that she was still working on it.
She even called over to the doctor's office for me and she resolved the issue.
I honestly can't suggest any improvements the service was very accurate and given very cheerfully and I thank the person who provided it.
he helped me with what my request was and verified that I could go to this therapy and Jason did a wonderful job.
The representative was great and got my answer right away.
I called the questions I needed and I got the answers immediately from a young lady who and I had asked for her name and it was Mary.
The representative was very helpful and really went the extra mile to check into it.
The customer service rep was kind courteous and went just as fast as the computer would go to check the information and great customer service.
Your benefits person that I spoke with did a very good job and tried to anticipate my questions.
Everything went smoothly with this phone call so I was satisfied with it.
The issue was dealt with promptly by Victoria and she looked up what needed to be looked up and found out where the issue was and corrected it and she's a fine representative of UHC.
When I first spoke with Anna and then again today all my questions are answered.
I called to ask about international coverage beyond the emergency room and the representative was very helpful but she had to spend some time to look up the answer.
My call was answered to completely and I was very satisfied.
Kevin handled the call very professionally and he went above and beyond my expectations to find me a vision doctor within the network.
Speaking to the representative and the rep seemed to know what she was being asked and hopefully she will be emailing it to us.
Well the operator was very helpful I mean she gave me as much information as she was you know able to provide according to you know the question I had asked.
Yeah the representative I talked to was very polite very business like very understanding and she answered all my question and all my any questions I had at all and explained the plan if I wanted to sign up for the platinum for the dental.
I just had a simple question and it was answered.
I wanted to give some Kudos to Andrew because he was so kind and patient and looked up numerous numbers and names of people that I needed to find out about a cancer specialist and a cancer center here in Florida.
My representative took care of me perfectly courteously and professionally.
My cell phone reception person was very very kind listened and he gave me a lot of his patience and time and was explained things and was very reassuring about this health plan because I was wondering if I was not in the right health plan and if I should switch to Kaiser or you know find something else.
The person was very professional and knew exactly what I was asking and she did have a answer.
The reason for my call was about finding out if the specialist was in network and I found out that they were not even though I had been told by them that they were so finding that out was very important to me and the person I spoke with was very professional and caring and I hope that this company recognizes how well that she is that she serves customers to the best of her ability so she definitely resolved my issue by giving me two names of two doctors who are in the network that I will be calling so thank you very much.
Everything was handled right your representative called the billing department straightened it out I was very happy thank you.
The person that I spoke to would need to be more familiar with terminology of medical descriptions she wasn't knowledgeable she never asked for my zip code before searching for professionals that I was interested in finding and it's just not what I was for when I called UHC thank you.
I was disappointed that they changed my nurse's visit from one day to another I had my appointment all set with the nurse and I had arranged my schedule for her and then they call me and canceled and I have to reschedule it which was very inconvenient for me and I wasn't happy with the time window they gave me either so I don't know I just want to I want to say that I was not happy with that at all because I had made arrangements for this appointment and I have to rearrange my whole schedule for them thank you.
Well I wanted to talk to a representative and the automative automation came on and I'm just like I I got extremely nervous so then I finally hung up and then I talked to a representative and they were very helpful thank you.
I had already previously received this Brio inhaler and it was also the wrong strength and that my checking account would be credited and so he was extremely helpful and very kind and very nice.
The background noise on your end during the phone conversation was very very bad and it was very difficult to understand the questions and the spellings and the numbers due to the fact that not only was there background noise but compound that within the accent of the speaker.
She repeated everything I asked her and asked me if I had anymore questions.
However I talked to two people beforehand and got cut off both times after lengthy wait times and neither one of the first two people called me back after we got cut off.
Perhaps the person who I called talked to last Friday if they would have followed through and called me back today as they said they would have would have saved me both time and effort and maybe by now I would have an actual definitive answer to what I was calling about.
I think you did an excellent job because all my questions was answered and I was transferred to someone who could help me if you could not answer the question.
I asked for some names and some numbers and she went ahead and called these places to make sure that they had what I was looking for.
I got my questions answered and we got my problem resolved.
Natsha helped me real she had to make 2 phone calls to them and get back to me but she did a real good job and I asked I'm hard of hearing and I asked her to repeat and she was okay with it.
I made a call earlier this evening as well I wanted to do the survey and I didn't hold on I apologize.
The first time I called I called twice the first time I was cut off but I called again and the response was quick to my satisfaction.
Personnel was great she referred me to where I needed to go to the rewards program but that program was down it was updating or something so I could not call them and will have to call them back later but the lady I talked to was very helpful thank you.
Yeah the customer service rep that I had Jake and he was excellent he took care of what I was calling about and also I had some questions and he answered them and he made me understand what was going on so I really appreciated it thank you.
Yesterday I called and the woman well the two people I talked to absolutely did not have the answers and actually riled me to a point where I had to get off the phone before I got very discourteous.
I had questions about prescription drugs and your representative was very knowledgeable and assisted my efforts.
I did call back and Angie answered my call for me to able to take this survey for her.
Very apologetic and she was sorry and I will be calling and talking to a supervisor tomorrow with my husband present about Penny.
I called yesterday and talked to some guy and he told me that my insurance had been not in service and that tore me up.
I just spoke with Shakirra and she was checking on some information that I needed and she asked me to hold on and the next thing I knew I had the recording for this survey so I never got the answer to any of my questions.
Shanelle was wonderful in taking time to try to get the answers and explain this billing cycle to me so that I could understand it.
I would appreciated if the representatives speak a little slower and after I asked them to they did agree to.
But then when I talked with Cindy I did get a direct line to my dentist.
But the person was very kind explained to me about that and asked me to call back in about 2 or 3 hours and I will do that.
Her name Daniela she listened she got the right information she called a new health care she passed the information on she offered tests and things that I can do I wasn't aware of.
I had received a bill from Touch Stone Imaging and she talked to them and then we were on a conference call.
So then I called back and talked to another young lady.
It rang and rang and rang and the voicemail never came on.
I had no issues to be discussed but just before I left the office for my physical she asked me did I need refills and I replied yes and now I get a bill not from them.
Communications was clear and there was no background noise so I could understand the person I talked to very clearly.
I had to make a call back because something was not right with the service but when I called back in the timeframe that I believe it was Courtney said that was exactly right when I called back and so there were no issues but it's just I had to make sure I didn't forget that I needed to call back so but anyway other than that everything was fine.
There were lapses in where I know she had research to do so I guess I was on the phone longer than I thought I would have to be but the representative was very helpful.
Now the customer service representative was talking clearly and explaining to me.
The person who helped me was very efficient and careful to check into my question and to get information on it.
She took her time with me and explained everything to me.
There was nothing that I could think of (unclear) everything was questions were answered promptly or after being checked into so I was happy with results of my call.
In fact she added on some additional information that was very helpful I was able to add my spouse to my account so he could speak in my behave.
I had a lovely person who listened carefully to what I was asking and her name was Lola.
The one thing you could've done better was have your people (unclear) I talked to three different people about the same thing and I got different answers each time but all of them were certain that my yes he had been set up but he hadn't been and so they kept telling me that I was overdrawn and I'm sure that has some effect on my credit rating which was excellent before I got into this mess.
And I had a home United Health call nurse that came in last week and talked to me checked me out.
This was my fourth call on this problem and today I got a very kind person who did exactly what I needed done and my office manager had asked for them to please call and not just leave a message but to let her talk to them and so she let me hold on and she did call and talked with the office manager.
I conveyed my message to the person taking the call and she accepted that information.
I repeatedly asked her to slow down her speech and it was very difficult to understand her.
She checked everything that I had questions about and gave me a option that I hadn't been able to consider that I can now consider with my doctor.
The only problem was the person who spoke to me in January gave me misinformation but Heather totally got everything cleared up today.
I was thoroughly pleased with Kim's help and service during my phone call with her and she's sending me out a provider booklet which will help me in the future and will also help me in finding the right provider now.
I had a problem and the person that I spoke to in customer service worked very diligently to fix my problem.
Nicole the agent that I spoke with was very helpful and she went above and beyond needs that I had that she reached out to me for with.
Her equipment was a little bit slow and by me looking the information that I was looking up was not on your website due to my mobile devise.
I think the person that helped me her name was Candy did a great job and I was confused about some of the paperwork I received in the mail and she did clear up the pieces that I talked about or had questions about.
that you could hear other people talking very loudly and it interfered with the conversation I was having with the agent.
The young lady that I talked to on the phone was polite courteous knowledgeable and I wish I could remember what her name was but she was absolutely wonderful and she solved my or answered my questions and solved what I didn't know at the particular point.
You did have a situation this morning where I called three times because the computers were down but this afternoon I called back and there was a young lady who helped me and she was very nice and at this moment she had called several times to the provider and now I am waiting for a call back because I was charged an additional four dollars and thirty cents and you supposedly had paid the bill so were trying to get that resolved.
I thought I was disconnected again but it was on hold and I was on hold for a good five minutes and he never took my phone number.
(unclear) The lady I spoke with in Dallas was very helpful and she got in touch with the process where a drug approval process and they said it would be(unclear)in seventy two hours.
I asked to speak with a representative and all I got was how did you like your call.
Well the computers are not helping out so I did not get get any help today but Emily said as soon as the computers are up she will call me back so I am very satisfied with the help I received today but it's my first time having to call you.
This was my second call to UHC and it was perfect with a great representative who encouraged me just as she should as well as answer my questions however when I called the first time just previous to this call I was put on hold for five minutes and then disconnected so that wasn't very good.
I think maybe a quicker summary to answer I had a question about coverage and the person who I spoke to was very helpful and informative.
He contacted the provider and resolved my issue immediately and I was very satisfied.
The phone was answered promptly and I got excellent advice and I thank you.
This particular call was transferred right over immediately to a customer service representative and she was fantastic.
So I had to put nine instead of ten but I actually meant ten 'cause they were extremely pleasant business like and I got all my questions answered and thank you very much.
The customer service rep was very knowledgeable and speedy with helping me find the information that I needed concerning a dentist and then giving me other information about different.
Everything was taken care of just perfectly and the customer service rep calling the doctor and getting the nurse on the line for me that was absolutely outstanding.
Whoever took my call was an excellent customer service representative for your organization she was truly very helpful and at this time I would not have any recommendations at all because she was efficient and very friendly and we got it done thank you.
She stayed on the phone with me at least 10 minutes giving me the information of a new provider that I needed so she went (unclear) full addresses and numbers so she was just great.
(Unclear) that there was no wait before her the representative came on and all my questions were answered.
I did not receive correct information but it was corrected with this thank you.
There was somebody's name before I spoke to her and she was asking for my question and she said that I talk too soft and she couldn't understand me.
She took all my information and then in 5 minutes it was over and I thank you very much.
So you know if you could request someone you know who speaks English better that would be helpful because I even though I did get the information it was very difficult for me to understand what the gentleman was saying.
Danielle who helped me out from Saint Louis today was just superior in her assistance and tapped in a conference call to my doctor's office so that we could pass information backwards and forth about the PPO in and out of service information and she was just a delight to talk with and provided just great information in all the questions that I had and thank you very much.
Karen ID number 1871438 was very helpful and thorough and she did speak with Cathy her supervisor concerning an issue with my sleep apnea machine and I did get an answer that was very helpful to me and I appreciated her time.
The customer service rep was very polite ready to assist but she could not make contact with my physician on this end.
The lady was very helpful and stayed on the line with me through the whole process of getting the wellness appointment set up.
I called twice yesterday and both times was hung up on and when I put in a request to receive a call back yesterday afternoon at approximately 3 PM I never received a call back.
I was cut off the first time that I called when she was transferring me to the person I needed to speak with.
The person I talked to her name was Lisa very well informed a terrific help to me and she is helping me clear up the denied claim.
I was able to get to a representative very easy today and Lawson answered all my questions.
We have been quite satisfied with UHC and when I have to call they're always courteous and very polite and they give me the information I need.
The first couple times I called and then I got transferred and nobody answered but on the third time I got a representative that was helpful and answered all my questions.
I just wanted to tell you that I spoke to a representative named Nikita and she did an excellent job answering all my questions and I wanted you to know that.
But I called up last month and called to talk to Eldridge in Georgia and we went over how much I needed to pay.
I spoke to Sam and he took care of everything he answered my questions and checked everything out.
I forgot to stay on the phone after the first person I talked to who was Rauul and he was magnificent.
I just would like to say he was very kind very courteous very happy person very patient and he gave me the answers that I needed to know and you do need more representatives like him and earlier I had spoken to another person and I couldn't remember his name but the two people I spoke to today.
Marcy was a hundred percent professional patient answered all my questions and fulfilled the need for the telephone call that was made.
I called about information on the shingles shot so and she was able to help me.
I had to call twice this morning and with all three representatives that I spoke to those are the kind of people that you need for us older people.
It was the person who answered from United Health was extremely helpful patient kind and assured me that if I needed any other information he would be glad to get it to me.
The receptionist was very great Jessica was very great about giving me the names and addresses over the phone but a listing mailed to me would've been a great help.
I got all my questions answered and the girl was real nice to me and I appreciate her help.
I have no problem with calling today and getting the information I needed from a very helpful very nice person named Artevia.
I finally got a hold of second phone (unclear) her phone number or her call lasted 19 minutes nothing was resolved then I spoke with Christian who knew exactly what was going on transferred me to the right department and I talked with Sean and she did a good job and got it all straightened out within a matter of minutes.
She took care of everything and I don't have any recommendations because she actually politely took the time to check and to reassure me and give me a reference number that she had done.
checks on me and then I talked with customer service and they were both excellent.
We did a 3 way phone call and everything was resolved while I was here on the phone with him so I feel very satisfied with the way it was handled.
Everything was taken care of in a very timely manner and the lady stayed on the phone while I talked to the new receptionist for the new doctor and that was really good.
I had everything answered for me that I needed answered and I spoke to a Yolanda and she was wonderful.
And I called and finally got it correct sometime back and when I called again today it still was not corrected.
The young lady went above and beyond to give me information about this doctor who I was inquiring about.
I called yesterday however and the customer service trying to contact you folks was very poor.
I called yesterday morning and the person that I spoke to told me that the systems were down and she told me to call like two hours later.
I'm trying to find a dentist and I've talked to three or four people but Latoya was very patient and very thorough and she answered other questions about blood tests that I need to take.
My initial call was handled by some young man who spoke very softly.
She did a thorough job she went and made sure she didn't rush me through the call (unclear) she went to find the correct information before she ended the call (unclear) I was on hold for two minutes but she always came back.
She apologized and asked me if I could wait.
She left a message for me and I only got half the message.
At least the lady I talked to spoke slowly so I could understand her which I could not do on an earlier call from United Healthcare.
Yesterday when I tried to call from the doctor's office you hung up on me and I called back and they said it was a 16 minute wait.
The representative I've had I had today his name was Luke was just answered every question and was very helpful and there were no issues.
I called the pharmacist (unclear) and the first time I got there I had a hard time understanding what they were saying.
They transferred me over to the pharmacy area and I heard everything just fine and just wonderful.
So I had a great call with customer service and did fantastic job.
when I called on the weekend I had a difficulty communicating what I was needing because I would tell them they understood what I was asking but they weren't able to give me the proper answer.
I got to talk to somebody and they explained everything to me and everything was fine.
I got a hold of a person really easily where sometimes you have to go through some hoops to speak to a live person but I got a live person as soon as I asked for a representative and she helped me with everything I wanted to know and even some things I didn't know I was going to ask about until I started talking to her.
I called twice today to get information about (unclear) and I got two different answers from two different representatives.
She was very patient with me and she actually answered my question thoroughly asked me if I needed anything else.
My call was fine during the time I called to ask for help and she gave it to me.
Cody was very professional very knowledgeable and he didn't have all the information but he did try to get it from the correct source and he said he would call me the following day because he wasn't able to reach the person that could give me the true information.
The customer service was excellent but looking online at my billing it wasn't as current as what your customer service person was looking at so she was able to answer my questions.
the lady answered all my questions very well and helped me work through finding out about getting a knee replacement and I know all I need to know.
The customer service representative person I spoke with was excellent in explaining this to me after I had already enrolled in the plan.
I spoke with two people and they were both able to answer questions right there and then and advise me of some things that I was unaware that were nice to know about but doesn't always happen.
My wait period was too long but the service was excellent given by a young man named Markie.
Everything was fine and I completed all the information and he took it down and then looked over my application and phone number and took everything down like I asked him for so I think he did a good job.
I enjoyed my call today my questions were answered usually when I call I have a little bit of a hard time getting to the right department.
The representative was extremely helpful and informative and took the extra step to try to resolve the situation with the billing department of Saratoga Hospital.
I appreciate their courtesy and I had absolutely no problem dealing or in talking with everyone I spoke to.
I spoke to Shiloh on the phone and she was very helpful.
I had to explain to the person that I was speaking to that according to your book that I was entitled to this procedure and I had to guide her to where for her to finally get the answer that I was looking for but yes she didn't exactly know where to go from the start and I explained to her that what it was for so thank you.
I was just calling to get a telephone number and she helped me right away and was very pleasant.
The assistant or agent was very helpful in clarifying my problem with the pharmacy and the insurance and I appreciate the help so much.
Today's call was very satisfactory and I have no need to add any comments other than that she was extremely helpful.
She needs a code that she could look up about the problem I asked her about and my doctor is supposed to be calling me back with that code so I can call back but I was very satisfied with her service even though she couldn't tell me you know she didn't know the code.
And she was the only one who connected me properly to a survey.
I had to talk to two people today to get my questions answered.
The first person was not was kind but did was not able to answer my question or help me and I called back and got a second person and she was able to help me and get everything settled.
In the last two days prior to this call the other agents that I talked to which I filed a grievance two grievances and one grievance took over three hours to fill so I talked to a supervisor an explanation supervisor and they told me it should never take more than a few minutes so she couldn't understand why my grievance took over three hours to fill out so please people like that should be retrained again and retrained but if they're not doing their job properly they should be disciplined but this last lady that I jut talked to before this survey did an outstanding job.
Well I was calling to see if a procedure would be covered and she couldn't tell me until the provider called her so I didn't really get the information that I needed to make the decision about it thank you.
My final call with Joseph was very good however the day started an hour earlier where Danny a female rep had reassured me she was going to take really good care of me and then passed me along to Kay a network advocate who was absolutely no help and ended up giving me a phone number for PHP Prime that I was supposed to call on my own.
I spoke with Nicole and asked several questions and she gave me all the answers.
I'm just grateful that she answered the phone.
My agent was not only thorough in giving me all the information but he also reminded me of my I have a payment due and gave me information about making sure I get that done and I appreciate that.
The first customer service I spoke to didn't know what she was doing so I hung up and called back and got an excellent customer service person who answered all my questions and was very patient and gave me all the information I needed.
He understood exactly what I was dealing with which was a problem that I had discussed several weeks ago and it's the best service I have gotten on the phone with large corporations.
I received the information I requested and everything was very courteous and even gave me a number for after the eye care center.
I called back and spoke to a supervisor.
I made a second call and the woman was very courteous.
Today I spoke to several people but this is regarding the last representative that I just talked to who was able to arrange an appointment.
But he told me he would call me back with some answer and he never did.
I learned the distinct way that the person talked and also when she answered the phone I could understand the name.
I appreciated Carlos she made a real effort to go ahead and resolve the issue being I had to call from one of your offices internally to get some answers which she did do.
We've been on the phone for hours and I thank her.
The phone was answered on time I didn't have to hold for a long time which I appreciate and those two guys were very helpful.
I got on the phone right away with a rep and my problem was resolved very quickly and the rep her name was Debbie was very polite very thorough very knowledgeable.
On the number that I called your office and there was a girl Mia gave me a 1866 number 6332446 and it was the wrong number and she told me I belonged to them and I know I belong to you.
So I called back on to your number and I got a wonderful girl named Moneisha who of course found me and treated me wonderfully.
The agent was very helpful and she got me the information I requested and she also canceled my dental writer for me so I appreciate everything she did.
Everything was satisfied good question answered had good assistant to let me know information which helped me out first time.
Samuel was wonderful he tried to get a supervisor so I could tell her how wonderful he was to answer my questions and be there for me.
Well my name is Charles (unclear) and I was talking to an agent named Austin and he answered every question to his ability and answered everything to me greatly and he spoke to where I really understand what he was talking about.
I needed to call and find out where I could see a doctor on Saturday and the agent that I spoke to she was very helpful and I know that I can call someone tomorrow and get to see a doctor.
I needed to go to the Optum Rx website but the lady on the phone had to spell it for me and she had a accent and it was hard for me to understand.
It was a real good experience and the question I had was answered 100% I couldn't ask for more.
I had two calls today and both were handled very courteously and efficiently.
I just talked to Karen and she rectified my problem.
I was totally satisfied with the results of my telephone call and I was especially appreciative of your answering machine saying if you speak English stay on the line.
However I called earlier this morning and spoke to a Katherine who was combative rude and in fact I hung up on her because she was giving me information I didn't ask for.
You know there's so much confusion and things that come in the mail and what is going on and you know I tried to get some answers about mediations and all they did is kept referring me another person and I never did get the information I wanted I'm very very disappointed.
Customer service is very helpful they solved my problem.
She dug and tried to get me an answer hadn't had this same question posed to her before.
The first time I called someone answered named Shonda and she asked for my name.
She didn't say she was going to it just went to hold and then I got a message that the office was closed so I had to call back but on my second call I was (unclear).
I don't know of anything I had my question answered completely and I appreciated the person on the name who's name was Vandasha.
She accessed my account she understood exactly what I wanted and she gave me my answer.
I spoke with Katherine today and everything was fine concise and clear.
The lady laughed at me today this morning when I totally corrected her and then she hung up on me when I asked to speak to a supervisor.
The information I was looking for on the website was not up there until after I talked to this young man.
So she asked me about 6 times to put in that number and I knew what she was going to say.
My gentleman that I spoke with (unclear) did a very good job of calming me down and explaining to me what the paperwork meant so for that I have to thank you.
Her name was Julia and she gave me all my answers right away.
The agent I had before this one she told me was going to call me back and I never heard anything back from her.
I appreciated talking to her and dealing with her.
I called to see if I needed the authorization for surgery and Ashley explained everything very well.
I called a week ago things they said that things were ready.
Rose who I had talked to did an excellent job in getting my question for my wife's billing squared away.
And I was just a little too early asking if you got my request.
The young man checked and said it was mailed out on the 7th and (unclear) and he was very nice and I was satisfied with this (unclear).
I went through the same thing but it took me hours and hours to get it resolved and this gentleman did everything that I needed plus calling the pharmacy.
I think I got a reply some time ago but I misplaced the address that they gave me (unclear) anything about that.
I spoke with Roxanne today regarding information on physicians in my area and she was very helpful.
There is notching that you could have done any better for me today the questions that I called in to get answers for she was very prompt and very efficient and was able to get the answers to me plus she also told me that there was a support group there since I am a diabetic which I was very impressed with but she took the time to let me know that it was available.
I did ask her name and her name was Esmerelda and she was very pleasant and she actually helped me with something I did not even know I was covered for.
Everything was done fine today when I talked with Caleb and he was able to answer my questions he was very polite.
My friend was having great difficulty getting the (unclear) so hired me to follow up and it took me about one second once I talked with Charmane and she got me right to the website and the appropriate forum so I couldn't be more pleased.
I was looking for a referral and she gave me three.
Once she did find it she did apologize for the delay and provided me with the correct information.
She called to talk to a provider and spoke to the billing department she actually ran with the whole thing and I thought that was sweet.
He answered my questions he did what he could do but it's the whole process that I find is very haunting and it seems to me that rather than each person just handle the issue that there should be a chain that you can go up to talk to supervisors managers or somebody else who could actually help all of these people do something but it kindly doesn't resolve the issue so you can reach me at 70835265-.
LaTara was helpful however she gave me conflicting information from the information I received from AyMe on 5/10/18.
Really nothing she took care of everything I was asking and gave me the information I needed so I don't have any questions to tell you how to do better at this point with this particular incident thank you.
Had the information about the hospitals more easily accessible to the person I was speaking with the representative on the phone she did find it she did confirm it but it seemed like it was not that easily accessible to her.
I spent almost half an hour on the phone with your representative who was very chatty.
Well at first she told me one thing and then when I got to questioning her.
She had the patience and the time to stay on the phone and correct me about things I asked questions about.
I called the telephone number that I needed to call to answer my questions and everything was perfect.
Had me talk to someone that would be able to understand what I was asking and be able to look up the information for me.
The second time I called the girl was good and knew what I wanted and gave me the correct answer.
She answered it and looked it up and gave me my answer.
She didn't know much about what I was asking but she did find me an appropriate answer.
And I called the doctor and I couldn't answer and I went to his office and it was closed.
I wanted to speak with a representative and you gave me the survey.
Sam helped me and he went out of his way to get the answers to my questions.
The letter I received was confusing also to the person who I spoke to but she immediately hopped on it and got the information I needed and we both learned something.
Yes this is James Jones I just wanted to let you know that the lady went beyond her call of duty to answer my questions and to find out the information.
I spoke with Heather and I'm quite satisfied with the service she provided to me and in explaining everything.
He took his time and he went through and got things resolved and even checked on me while he was doing that to make sure I didn't go off the call.
The representative that I spoke with from member services of UHC could not have been anymore helpful she was wonderful and was able to expedite a formulary exception that I needed and one of my neighbors came and gave me the mail and I have received from Optum Rx which is really UHC I've received a reimbursement check from back on Halloween night for shots and prescriptions that I received and I was so happy to receive this check as I say was from Halloween night last year so I am a very happy camper today thank you so much.
It was hard to hear him at first when he answered the phone but then I could hear him better but all the questions that I had to answer were explained some of them were unnecessary when going for a test but knowing who the doctor was I'm going to see I'm not going to see a doctor I'm going to see a test.
It was a difficult question and the customer service representative had to do a little bit of research and she did came back and told me the answers so it wasn't an easy question OK.
She was right on time she found the information that I needed that I had called here thirty minutes earlier and didn't get it so this was a beautiful conversation thank you.
Mary helped me finally answered my question about Anesthesia that I had called several times and people were helpful but I got a definitive answer today from Mary.
I was transferred about 3 times and each time they asked me for my birth date and stuff and but other than that I was real happy when I got to the representative named Eric.
She knew what to answer my questions on my account answer all my questions and she also helped me out of the other phone number that I have to call to find out if what we found out was confirmed.
She gave me the name but I want to look it up on the website and it was very difficult on your website to get the information I needed.
Yes this matter that I just went through should have been handled ever since last year and I thank god for the young lady that helped me which is Tamika that took her time and went through my records and found where the mistake was made.
Customer service representative Mark in the Philippines his ID number is 4297152 was excellent in helping me with everything that I needed.
I have to tell you that the person that helped me with my call was named Natalie and she did an absolutely wonderful job in confirming information that I was making inquiries about.
She gave me numbers I can call and she was excellent.
Ivan told me that he was gonna connect me with somebody who could help me and instead he transferred me to waiting for someone else and I ultimately got transferred to the survey.
There was confusion about where the form I asked for was located and the person I spoke with had to make several phone calls before she could find out and I had to wait quite a while.
I hung up and called back and then I got a very helpful person and everything was resolved.
I called to find out how I could leave a positive recommendation for a representative named Valentina that I spoke to earlier.
He picked up the phone almost immediately after I dialed which shocked the heck out of me and he was extremely helpful.
I had a very good conversation with the rep and she took care of all my needs and I have no complaints.
She did meet my needs however previously I had called and spoke to a young lady named Angie.
I was on the phone for 30 minutes and I was supposed to take the survey and she hung up.
She did not meet my needs and 30 minutes I was on the phone and nothing was accomplished and then when I did call back later the same day and I spoke to Kendall.
Kendrick was very professional and assisted me with a situation of adding my dental insurance.
It would've been nice if I could've just asked for a representative right away rather than them asking me a lot of questions cuz I needed to talk to somebody about the procedure.
The wait time between the information I needed was rather long but other than that the woman I spoke to (unclear) was very patient and answered all my questions.
I was very happy with the customer service person who gave me time and affirmed my concern that UHC does not cover (unclear) which she also was willing to file that for the company.
The customer service person was nice and got me my medicines.
Really nothing no long wait time Lana was very personable over the phone and answered my question.
The first time I called I asked if (unclear) was in your network and they said no and I called again and they said yes somebody else told me yes he is.
I don't think anything she answered my questions and looked up the prescription for me and I was really appreciative of it.
Gave me the number to contact and was very pleasant and I thank you.
Everybody was polite and I got through with the call very quickly.
They did a very good job in assisting (unclear) just I wanted to find out about a prescription and they gave me all the information and I was well satisfied.
She got ahold of the doctors that I needed to help me schedule my appointments and she was absolutely wonderful.
Shavonne had me on the phone for 63 minutes and it was still not complete.
She found by far my form that they originally sent me and the second one they sent me because the first one was wrong right away and then she was talking to me when Shavonne called back.
Left a message I tried to call her back got a number that was no long.
called again and got a lady named Ali in West Virginia and she helped me with within 15 minutes.
first 2 phone calls are in there and they were not too helpful but Sheree the last person I talked to was very helpful.
It was handled very gracefully and I appreciate the compassionate care that the operator used to talk with me and help me through the phone call.
I talked to people in April and here I am dealing with it again in May.
The customer service representative gave me the information I was looking for and in a timely manner and she treated me very respectfully.
I understand there's a 14-day time period and my surgeon could have done the surgery earlier if the authorization came in but that Jasmine the representative helped me with everything else I needed and very pleasant and very polite but she could not do anything to expedite the approval of my preauthorization.
I worked with three different ladies and they were all very helpful but I had to go through my situation three times before it was finally settled and through three different people and I've been on the phone for about 45 minutes.
I spoke with Tameka and she referred me to Taylor.
On my first call three weeks ago I requested this letter and they said it was pending and never sent out and the young lady today said that she was doing it right then and would send it out.
I appreciate that and every time I call every person I speak with in customer service always helps me and they always give me all the information I need.
There seemed to be a bit of a lack of coordination between the customer service representative that I talked to and the person that called my home and left a message for me for my husband actually but anyway the.
And on the first call I told him everything was going well.
I spoke with a wonderful young lady representative who could not get the information that I wanted over email.
He was able to answer my questions and double check to make sure we was right.
Tiffany did an excellent job and went way over her services and gave me extra information.
The girl went above and beyond and she made phone calls for me to get the information that we needed and I appreciate everything she did.
But yet they threw me out the door the doctor I went to I went for help and she refused to doctor me and (unclear) and they said I was crazy.
The young lady that helped me today the last phone call this phone call knew what the problem was and corrected it.
It was explained to me about my shingle shot and I'll go to my pharmacist and tell them what Samantha said and I appreciate your help.
I never got it so I called again and I spoke to Anita who was great and she looked it up and she said whatever was sent whatever I expected was sent but she believed it might've been the wrong thing and I thought back and it was the wrong thing so she worked at it and she said what I've spent so far is 645.
And she got in touch with my doctor.
I got exactly what I needed from the young lady who answered the phone and she was very helpful.
The agent was extremely helpful and she directed me to the right person that I have to talk to.
My representative was absolutely lovely and took the time to have a nice conversation and tried to cheer me up with all my health issues.
I had to say hello are you still there in order to get a response from the person who I talked to today.
He took care of things very quickly and got left me on the line and got back to me immediately.
The agent I talked to did not know the answer to my question and had to keep me on hold for a long time and came back with an answer I guess he got from someone else.
But she worked with me to get my answer and I appreciate it.
She called them and we were on waiting with her for a while and she got that resolved and then we had a question about the difference in our premium and she got that resolved.
And then she got back with me and said my orders ready.
I was need information and I received that I asked a question and I haven't received answer.
I was completely satisfied with the representative it was a very quick and positive response and I do not hesitate ever to call UHC the health care number.
I had an excellent representative named Nicole and she did an outstanding job with my questions and my problem that I needed an answer to.
I talked with a guy named James today and I've talked to another guy I want to give his name too his name was Tim.
She was most helpful in clarifying my bill that we had received from McCloud Hospital and gave me information to resolve it with the hospital and I am relieved and understand the bill completely.
She was the customer service rep I talked with Ebony and she was great because I had a lot of questions and concerns and she was very patient with me and answered them all.
I was disconnected the first time I called but I called back and I had good service at that time thank you.
And she checked and double checked me and I was quite pleased.
I needed a list of providers (unclear) some a couple and she was very helpful in terms of calling them for me and that's about it.
Your representative Lana was very helpful very informative and I got everything done within a matter of of like less than 5 minutes.
I spoke with Vivian she was very nice she gave me a one time referral to another doctor that I needed because evidentially my primary care physician can't update her records.
She found out what I needed to know and even gave me suggestions and walked me through looking for it online myself.
The call went through very quickly and the receptionist understood what I needed and came back online and gave me the information that I was asking for.
So today I asked for a supervisor and the rep that answered the call was able to give me the information I needed.
I wanted to know about my dental coverage and the young man was very helpful.
my information that I had given the person Alyssa on the customer service was done very well.
She sounded really muffled but she was very patient and repeated her initial statement with me and for the rest of the conversation I was able to hear her quite well.
I had gone to the dentist and the receptionist had gave me the wrong information and I called back United Healthcare and she explained to me that that was something that they had to do in the office and I really agreed with that.
So she was very very helpful but I was not informed that on my deductible for prescription was a 100.
The super the young lady that I talked to in customer service did all she could do and we got to the (unclear) and she gave me to the supervisor and the supervisor got us all straightened out and the service was very good.
And I was going to cancel your plan but Lola who I spoke with she gave me the correct information and so I'm going to you know.
I was connected with a service rep right away and she helped me with all the questions that I had and needed answered.
and I gave the information back to my doctor and they're going to check him out and most likely that's where I'm going so I was very pleased.
My representative that helped me his name was Chuck and he was very helpful with all of my concerns.
I had to call twice but not because the first person didn't help me I forgot to ask her a key question.
I called back for a second time and I got Vanessa and she gave me the information I needed.
The first rep I called who answered the phone actually not Shawna gave me wrong information maybe you should train your people to respond to requests.
I asked for an x-ray and I was given doctors offices and I questioned it and I was told that that was correct fortunately Shawna Shien was the last person I spoke to was superb.
My name is Penelope Hyott and the representative who helped me his name was Mike and I had questions about diabetic Insulin and the prescriptions for it and he helped me immensely.
for me that the person that spoke with me answered everything.
I spoke with Ann and I was I wanted to get some make sure things were coming through the mail.
I have no additional recommendations at this time the menu was sufficiently short and I got an operator right away so I was very satisfied.
Well the lady was going to explain something to me instead she transferred me to the survey.
She did not answer any questions whatsoever and I did not have an opportunity to interact with the personnel that was answering the phone.
She went the whole route explained everything and took care of my needs.
The service rep Mirrian was very helpful and took care of all of my concerns and appreciated her help very much.
The girl was very helpful and she called the rehab center for me for physical therapy to check on it.
I had called with a question on the Safe ID and the young lady was very helpful very polite except her skit or her what she was instructed to say to me wasn't matching the form that I was trying to fill out.
Paul was very helpful and he got the billing office on the phone.
(unclear) and we talked together the three of us and got the issues resolved and I'm very happy with the work.
I'm waiting for the representative to call me back but (unclear) very much very respectful she's so nice her name is (unclear) and my name is Norma (unclear) and if you need to call me back it's 5636441229.
Nothing really it was an issue with my doctors office and Christine handled it very promptly and took care of it and took care of it to my satisfaction.
UHC or Medicare Complete helped me out by calling for a dermatologist and my name is Roberta Marrow and I was very pleased with the satisfaction of the representative that talked to me today and I appreciate it.
They answered my phone call right away and got more answers than I even thought I needed.
I have no complaints everything was satisfactory and she filled all the requests that I made and I did appreciate how nice she was to me.
And she was thorough and educated on the plan in telling me about the plan.
She knew exactly what she was doing and looked it up and able to give me the information.
Her name was Shannon and I had asked for a troubleshooter or somebody that knew a lot about the (unclear) that's about the plan and she really did help me and all my questions have been answered and the last few times I was getting different answers but when I spoke to this young lady today I got the correct answer and I'm so happy that I decided to call back.
So I called back today for clarification on the issue of contacts and my glasses after I have the surgery in both eyes and what Rebecca told me actually cleared up a lot of questions that I had based on what an agent told me several months ago regarding my replacement glasses.
Stephanie's trying to get my problem resolved she's very nice the last time I called and talked to Alicia she said she would call me back in 30 minutes.
The person that I spoke to first of all transferred me to a representative and she transferred me to a nonworking number so I had to start all over again.
The one thing you could have done better today is the lady that was talking to me about the wheelchair the question that I was asking her she could have looked in my records and told me the answer.
My call yesterday call today was very thorough with Rebecca but I was on the phone 1 hour with her and part of that good part of that time 20 plus minutes regarding the call yesterday extremely importance.
She was excellent even down to calling my PCP to find out who it was they had referred me to.
Samantha was a good listener and she will refer my problem to the correct people and I'm expecting a letter within the 30 days.
Everything was done completely excellent for me for my phone call speaking to the representative.
My assistant Maureen was patient kind took time and extra effort to resolve all my problems.
And so she looked into it further and found her there.
Hi I was left on hold and then somehow got disconnected with the automated message and it was very unpleasant.
I had occasion to speak with Tanya at 11:30 and Eddie at 11:50 and I just spoke with Angel.
She was very informative let me know about some services that I did not know were available to me.
My questions were answered in detail and the explanations were clear and the customer service was very friendly and you know it got to the point so I can't think of anything else that could have made the conversation or the experience any better.
I was totally satisfied with the help that I got from the gentleman I talked with and he did answer my questions and (unclear) my problem (unclear).
And she did give me a reference number and I am satisfied with that.
When I had to have her repeat it several times to make sure I understood she was very patient and kind and made sure I knew exactly what I needed to know.
I was on the phone with the representative Donald and he helped me tremendously.
She knew exactly what I meant and went ahead and went through the procedures to resolve my problem.
And then finally someone came on the phone answered my questions took care of what I needed.
We were on the phone unfortunately for well over an hour trying to resolve some of these issues and still need to be further follow up but by in large I thought he did a good job.
Although I was on the call for 40 minutes your customer service representative was kind checked in on me every few minutes and got a successful conclusion for me.
There representative Barbara was very helpful and I she checked on some things that needed to be checked on.
But she gave me some phone numbers which will help but the thing of it is it would've been nice to have his name and a phone number.
I spoke to somebody her name was Sam and I spoke to her supervisor.
I was resetting my password and she was very helpful and everything was fine.
I had problems throughout the whole conversation and I was on the phone way too long to get the information I needed.
He tried to get answers for me and he was not able to get answers because he went to his supervisors for answers and they were not able to give him answers.
It is sad that when people when he went to others to try and get answers for me they couldn't give him answers and he was left dry.
She would stop and let me speak to her and ask questions.
She took her time (unclear) was very helpful investigated researched and followed through in order to get an update from the doctor.
Raymond helped me today and he went through a lot of different things with where I had questions and was able to either answer my question or give me back and learn something on how to fix it from my end.
She answered my question and she knew the how to get the information and she did.
I've talked to four different people since my first call and I was supposed to call the girl that sold me the policy and she gave me a bad number and she gave me an extension number.
Now I called before about this issue and I spoke to a girl and I did not get her name.
The representative was very helpful and she gave me information about my dental plan which I didn't know which would save me money.
There was nothing that needed to be improved the customer service representative was knowledgeable and helpful thank you.
This call was absolutely amazing there is nothing that needed to be corrected the representative was extremely friendly knowledgeable and he also restated my issue at the end of the call I'm very pleased.
I don't think there's anything that you could've done better I just spoke with your customer service rep Aaron North Carolina he was by far the best customer service rep I've ever spoken with he was thorough he did the research on a procedure I was questioning he came up with a match he was able to give me the codes for the procedures and a description of the procedure I just can't say enough it was very thorough in what he researched and what he provided in the way of information and also a very pleasant amiable person very accommodating very attentive so commendations for Aaron he was absolutely wonderful thank you.
Today's call was perfect yesterdays phone call I received names for (unclear) and I asked for an internist for me and I'm 76 so yesterday was not helpful today was excellent thank you.
The wait for the agent to contact the billing doctor was just a little bit too long other than that it was great thank you.
Oh boy well I didn't get the information I needed something's wrong with the computers whatever another thing in the beginning I was asked a question and it was where I could not talk with a person and it was a two part question a yes to one and no to the other there was no way I could answer just yes or no I don't know if I'm making myself clear.
I appreciated the help that they gave me and it helped me solve a problem with one of the physicians.
The customer service lady found me immediately and told me I was in and answered all my questions.
For the person to get my information but she was able to get it and was very polite and apologized for it.
And she took care of all my needs and she went over and above and asked if there was any to let me know about other things that were offered by UHC that I might have knew and to let me know that if there was any questions or anything that I had in the future what number to call for that advice.
She was on hold with the billing service so I was it was outstanding service from Keisha.
I am I talked with Edith and explained my questions and issues and she was going to try to get a hold of my doctor's office to clarify a couple points.
Was not able to do it while I was on the phone and so all I need to do is hear from Edith but she ultimately did contact the physician's office and hopefully I'll hear from her today.
The representative Paris was extremely helpful and even got a conference call to the healthcare provider and got my questions answered.
This is my second call just to follow up with the first call the first person I spoke to could have been a little bit more informed about I did not have any authorized rep on my account the second person I spoke with suggested that which was very good so that would be good to suggest that to a person about the authorized representative and also to talk about the process because the second customer service person told me about the process that was happening with my denial so maybe talk about the process of what was going on be clear about that or ask the caller if they understand what's happening that's it bye.
He answered every question and also found me a couple doctors and did my claims and then also my concern about a medicine I had got shorted.
I wanted to know about chiropractic service and the representative could really only tell me what was in the book I needed a little more information for my own benefit but she was very her name was Symbol and she was very very good and she did provide me with extra information that said the X-ray must be provided or requested by a physician well a chiropractor is not.
There's nothing you could've done better for me I had an exceptional representative on the phone everything was clear and concise and she asked me if I understood everything and so forth and I thought that her customer service skills were exceptional.
Actually there I was so completely satisfied I have (unclear) but Neil my representative was absolutely stellar that he even called the doctor's offices to see you know to get me an appointment and make sure you know they would take me.
I called and reported me and then my husband.
There wasn't anything you could have done better she answered the question that I wanted she guaranteed payment of my physical in June and that's what I had called for thank you.
And I talked to three people and I hung up before twice before I was got the survey and it was Chris and Aaron and then Toria that I talked to and they were all so great and I have no complaints.
He told me where he was at all times how long he would take to get my questions answered.
She was quick with getting back to me on the answers.
The call with the Sarah nothing you couldn't have done anything better she was excellent when the phone was answered however your attendants or automatic answering person I think I went through 3 times trying to ask her and she wanted to know why I was calling when 3 times she couldn't understand what I was saying I thought I made myself pretty clear but you know this is automated so I don't know what you could do about that if anything.
The gentleman that I spoke to was so on top of things before I could even ask a question he knew the answer he double checked things for me he told me things that I have to find out and I can call back for prices he was really good courteous polite and he knew what he was talking about thank you.
Number 2 I talked to on the previous call a representative for quite some time and he was very satisfactory and he said I needed to talk (unclear) I talked to (unclear) at great length and the gentleman I talked to finally said just a minute and I appreciate the fact that he didn't hang up but he might just as well have because what he did is he sent it back as though it hadn't been answered so them a lady talked to me and she was really courteous and very whatever and so when I called back now I wanted to double check and see if what the lady told me is correct-.
The representative was extremely courteous she listened and understood my issue and she's taking steps to have it corrected.
Well in this case Dominique answered the phone and in this case she was just excellent and she provided me very detailed oriented information and she even called my doctor's office regarding wellness and what is it called wellness check up (unclear) that I got the appointment very early instead of one month waiting one month.
She could've looked it up the first time I asked her instead of me having to ask again and again to get the information.
But I was still talking to the representative about my bill.
Everything went well for me with the conversation but (unclear) not received a bill and I was calling about that.
She's a very sweet lady and covered all the areas I was asking questions about.
I had a short hold and the agent I spoke with was very helpful and resolved my questions.
And I hope to do more business with you and I was checking on a bill that was sent to me in the mail and she looked it up and helped me out.
I found it took a little too long for him to get the information I was looking for it was placing information and I don't understand why I (unclear) close to five minutes to come on up with it that's it otherwise he gave me exactly what I was looking for thank you very much.
All questions was answered and everybody was helpful from the medical plan person that I talked to to the prescription plan patient that I talked to.
She explained what was boosted on this product that I received and she told me what to do about it.
She even called the doctors office for me about a prior authorization telling them how to do it and I really appreciated her help.
I called once and got cut off so that was very disturbing and then when I called back I got through thank you.
Debbie answered my question and I was pretty satisfied with it and I think I hit three.
Even when I asked to speak to her supervisor it was 7 minutes and she couldn't find a supervisor.
Again I called her before I spoke to Marcy.
Your representative gave me a telephone number to call about my situation and I really appreciate her time and effort.
The lady that waited on me was very nice and kind and explained it to me so I didn't need to make that call but the letter was very confusing but anyway.
I talked to them and I got my questions answered.
John was in the Philippines and he was took my payment and processed it sent it for processing immediately and he is a very sociable gentleman there in the Philippines.
Well my question was answered and I was satisfied with the service and I don't think you need to do anything further.
I needed a document and she's sending it right out and she was very polite very knowledgeable.
My man that answered the phone his name was (Unclear) and he took the time that was needed to get me the answer for my question and was very polite and helpful and I appreciate it to no end.
Well I was unable to complete what we needed to do in one day and as I was waiting I had talked an hour with the agent the call got dropped and I had to call back but it ended up they had taken really good notes and so I was able to pick up where we left off for the most part but we weren't able to you know fix the problem yet because it's a holiday.
So you have a good guy working for you and I enjoyed talking to him and he answered my questions and was going to send me another statement out because I didn't receive the one that I was supposed to have gotten.
Unfortunately I was not able to get in but she did help me with the username and she was having the same problem on her end.
I think probably in reading to me about the way to pursue hearing aids the person with whom I spoke would have done just as well to email me the information.
Because the gentleman was very helpful that I spoke with but he couldn't advise me of any kind of medical questions that I may have.
She put me on hold quite a few times and came back with really good information for me to do a follow up appeal.
I was just totally confused about all the paperwork I received all at one time but I'm glad we got I cleared up with one phone call.
She came on prompt and she spoke right and she greeted me as is a operator is suppose to with the client.
However I had called and confirmed that prior to making an appointment with him for my husband and myself.
Ivan was very helpful answered my questions and put new information into the file for my mother.
The last couple of calls before this one the first couple of calls before this one I didn't get much help at all but this gentleman Evan he worked with me until he got the problem solved and I think he is definitely he gave me quality time and good service and he took the time to find what was the problem about.
It I wanted to talk to you because I missed the last time I called I didn't stay on the phone until this questionnaire came on.
I have been on the phone for 45 minutes with Dan helping me and he was very thorough and I appreciate him.
Everything today was excellent she was very polite very helpful gave me the answers that I needed phone numbers et cetera so I would give her a solid 4.
I talked to a couple of agents before Rhianna and everybody gave me a different story.
The phone went dead nobody came back so I had to wind up calling back again and this time I got Christa a person.
I spent probably ten minutes on the phone this morning with a representative who was very pleasant and trying to help me.
I think the agent did everything she could that I asked for and she was very cordial and I wouldn't say that I could improve the call any.
Well I talked to a representative and they were supposed to give me the gift reward department but another representative came back and then they had (unclear) so I was on the phone for 18 minutes.
Sarah was very helpful and she did say she was going to record our conversation into our husband's file so that if we have any other questions in the future that information is already stored there.
The man didn't give me any information at all but Jenny for this call was wonderful.
When I first called trying to get through to a representative she kept asking me what I needed and I tell.
I had a lot of background people talking but no one ever came on the line and then it went directly to this evaluation.
However one of the questions that I asked was clarifying something that was told to me on a previous call the information that was given to me on that call was incorrect.
I just needed to have a blood test and the young lady by the name of Tammy was very courteous and gave me the correct information.
And I called back and I got the same thing again.
I always end up laughing and by the time I leave here all my questions have been answered.
Shaneese the agent who took my call was very respectful and also walked me through my EOB explaining to me what denied charges meant and I was very pleased.
The operator was very courteous and she gave me the phone number spelt the doctor's name and spelt them out.
He come on the telephone and he explained things and asked me a couple three times after he'd tell me something if I had anymore questions to ask and I appreciate that kind of stuff and thank you.
I spoke with Denise and she was able to explain to me the information I needed and took care of everything.
She gave me good answers and I she's the best representative that I've talked to in the last week.
I had trouble understanding it but the representative was very kind and generous and really tried to answer anything I had to ask her.
I don't think there's anything that you could have done better because I called you guys and I was only on the hold for probably about 10 minutes before (Unclear) picked up and she was very cordial and she took care gave me the answers I was looking for that I would have no late fee.
And I didn't understand that they had my correct address or not but it was they sent me over to someone and they made sure that I had the right address.
My problem was addressed adequately with a friendly representative who you know went out of her way to make sure I had the information I needed.
They referred me to the person I needed to speak to so I'm extremely pleased with the outcome of the conversation.
Her name was Patricia and she did a wonderful job but she was having great difficulty with the information she had on her computer finding the answer and she ended up having to call several different facilities to get the correct answer.
She did something that picked the volume up some and I was able to get through my questions but that was not ideal.
When I just talked to the lady on the phone she was very helpful.
Today's call was good and the lady helped me and got my problem resolved I think I know what to do last Thursday whoever I talked to was absolutely no help and I was told I was having a return phone call.
The agent was very helpful and he gave me some information and I gotta make another phone call to Medicare and he gave me the number and everything was great thank you bye.
It clicked and said it didn't understand so I never did get to enter it and had to speak with a representative but Cindy the representative was excellent thank you.
the reason why I was going online and then the IT person helped me and walked me through it and I am back online so thank you.
The agent was helpful but basically read from (unclear) and I had a question about a very specialized procedure which wasn't listed.
And so went through it with me and explained it and said I could close it out.
Stayed on the phone the whole time and you know very courteous.
And I also talked with Stephanie who just sent me to the review and she was very courteous as well.
Well I did but no notes were put into the computer so the lady I spoke with did not have any answers for me so I didn't find out what I was calling for.
Other than some long wait times but representatives both customer service reps that I spoke to today was a Ron and I believe an Anne Rhinehart earlier this morning were very good and very helpful and gave me a lot of time and while there was some concerns with UHC communications and Fiser Fidelity (unclear) Anne did a great job.
The first call I made which I spoke to a gentleman from Oklahoma he went away after a couple of minutes and did not come back online for 10 minutes or so.
she did a very good job but just to make sure she stepped away about 30 seconds to make sure that she had the correct information.
I would like to say that the representative was very very nice and did the best to find out the information for me.
Laura was very helpful and put me on hold while she even tried to contact the provider.
I just received a letter that I shouldn't and Laura took care of it right away.
She couldn't find my birth date and after I spelled my name first name which is Mary two times my last name once and I finally got results.
But she reviewed my benefits and explained it to me so I'm happy.
The representative was excellent and she gave me the information I needed immediately about where I could go to get emergency medicine for my husband.
We were on the phone for over a half hour and I hope we got everything straightened out.
For instance last week I called for some information and today I called to follow up on the information and I got something totally different than what I was told.
So she listened to my whole story and then told me that she needed to transfer me.
Debbie was very helpful and also she gave me some other information about some of the other services that you provide.
Your representative did everything she could to my fault is that I'm calling for a friend of mine and I did not have his member number nor his plan number so I had to call back with that information once I have it so thank you very much but other than that I'm very happy with who I talked to and I got very useful information but I have to do more so thank you.
I appreciated the person who provided the service her name is Aniesha and she was very helpful in contacting Well Med and also contacting the hospital which raised a question about a bill.
The last 2 customer service representatives I had were very helpful and they got me the information that I needed and they took the time and patience but the first 2 callers Darren and Jawan or something and I.
Other than that the man was very helpful and came up with other tests that I needed and told me about transportation that I didn't even know I had and is calling me back tomorrow.
So I had to call and question where to send it and she was most helpful.
But the first time I called that guy almost caused me to just walk away totally from your company because it's the very first time that I called you and the first time that I had called I had the guy put me on hold and after eight ten minutes he never still hadn't came back so I hung up and called again.
Obviously after my questions were answered I was told just to disregard the letter.
She promised to pass my concerns on to someone who will eventually get back to me according to what she had to say.
I was just delighted for all the information that I got and (unclear) was able to update my records for family members in case they had to call on my behalf but it was absolutely excellent.
He tried to help me and I he answered all my questions and put me on hold to double check on everything.
The agent I spoke to had the answer and took care of my problem quickly so I do appreciate it.
She researched the name I was inquiring about and she came up with the answers for me and customer service is really important especially in medical.
I talked to two different operators both of them were very thorough very knowledgeable and you can't ask for anything better.
The lady who took care of me on the phone was very very helpful answered all my questions and reassured everything was taken care of and I feel very blessed that I worked with.
I have called a couple times previously about my issue and I've been getting kind of different stories so I think maybe today I am getting the right information.
The representative understood what I was asking her and she was very helpful.
The young lady that took my call found everything right away answered my question and she was good.
Hi Sierra went above and beyond anything I even asked her to do and reached out directly to my pharmacy to find out what my problem was and I so appreciate the extra effort that she put into my phone call this morning.
Y'all were answering me quickly and I can get off the phone quickly.
The person was very personable and she took the time to research my information and give me the correct information and put me on the (unclear) right start explained everything.
The person had all the paperwork right in front of her and was ready to go answered my questions and helped me in a tremendous way where it did not allow me to become frustrated.
But anyway my husband has a back problem and doesn't like sitting and standing so I called back a second time and the second time we got a representative who was very efficient nice and polite and settled and gave us all the information that we needed.
I am still waiting for the young lady who answered the call.
Melissa was very helpful on the phone for more than half an hour.
The customer service person was very helpful to me and we suspected the problem is with the pharmacy.
I needed some referrals and they got it to me promptly and as close as I can have.
I even made a mistake in the spelling of a name and she got it corrected for me that she found out who I was really referring to.
My call was answered quickly and the representative helped me out with what I needed to have done which was just change my primary care physician.
I was pleased with everything that happened today questions were answered and she even suggested things to me.
On the phone call everything was OK but the paperwork I received was a lot of pages.
So again it was very pleasant for me today to call UHC and to ask my question and to get it answered.
However and I also have spoken previously on May 10th to Amy regarding my orthotics and she was helpful as well but when I got approval for the or the information to do the orthotics when I called back after the orthotics coverage was denied the second person did not help at all.
She was quick had the answers and hopefully now I can call and proceed with the information.
I was put on a representative for some prescriptions then I was given to another lady in another department and I finally got through to the person I needed to speak Suzanne who was very helpful very polite (unclear).
Nothing I was very happy with the customer service representative that I talked with and she answered all my questions.
My representative was pleasant efficient she solved my problem for me and told me why I had a denial in my bill and how to take care of it and I thank you very much.
With the information that I had to relate to the lady who took care of me she was very helpful and informed me about my policy and what it would cover.
And they tell me today the who I spoke to told me that I had called.
I would like them employee to speak just a little slower I had trouble hearing it and keeping it knowing what he was saying.
I have a specific question and I had to repeat that fact twice as he really wanted to go into the script about walking me through the application which I feel comfortable I can do myself.
The agent was very helpful and went out of her way to look up some information for me and that's all I was looking.
You've done and provided me all the services that I need and Theresa helped me immensely when I talked to her on the phone.
I think that all my questions were answered and your health care provider was excellent.
But I'm satisfied of what I've talked to a representative to and she's going to settle the questions I had for her.
The customer service person her name is Barbara she was excellent and she researched and she mimed her information but unfortunately she couldn't really resolve my issue because UHC no longer has a contract with a particular transportation company.
I was calling to get referrals and I was very successful in getting that information and I appreciate all the help.
They said I had to talk to another person and I'd get to that person and they said I needed to talk to the first person.
My answer came with Lisa just she went ahead and called the doctor to find out if he would be taking us as a patient and is with UHC.
Victor even took the time to call my husband and put us both on the phone so he could get permission from him for me to speak for him and I really appreciated that.
I'm very appreciative of the service that I received and the quickness with a response and picking up the phone and the professionalism and knowledge of the person talking to me on the phone.
So I hung up and called again and then I said yes I would take the survey and amazingly somebody answers.
I've been calling UHC for the last couple of days asking questions on behalf of my father and I just wanted to let you know I could not be more happy with the service that I was provided.
I reentered it twice I said it twice and she didn't get right any of the times and I'm looking here on my phone where I keyed the numbers in and they are exactly correct.
Although the people who takes my call are very polite and very patient very good but some how it takes for a long time and for any request that I am having I have to call couple of times in order to that request to be done and so far I cannot blame the customer service employees.
I called and somebody answered the phone and then they hung up on me.
I spoke to a Shawn he's superior in every way and he explained everything to me and I was satisfied 1000%.
The service person Paul listened to my concern and is gonna call someone about it and get back to me on Friday with what they had to to say.
Oh I think all my questions were answered and I the only thing I do not hear well so I had to ask them to repeat some and that was my only problem.
Everything was done properly the young lady that took care of me the confirmation number was 251501388.
But she did again last week gave me the customer service number and she did kind of set me up so I'm happy with that.
I just needed a question and she helped me out.
And she went to one of her coworkers and found out the information but it probably took a little longer than would be necessary if she had had more knowledge.
The man that waited on me or answered the phone and took care of my problem was excellent.
I had to call back because when I called last week I never got feedback as to what the resolution was for my question.
I was disconnected the first time I called.
She gave me the information and she gave me a phone number to call and she was just fantastic in giving me the information that I need to correct a problem or concern that I have.
Well actually I can't think of anything 'cause the customer service rep just did a fine job and helped me out and answered my questions.
It was not resolved completely but he promised that he would call me back once it was resolved.
He asked me all the questions and brought up some flags on my account and then took care of what I called about so I think he did a wonderful job.
Today I spoke to Richard a customer service representative who was very helpful and gave me assurance that this would be settled soon.
Everything is fine but I have a question I want to ask you about a letter that I received but everything is fine.
She wasn't able to give me the answer because she could not reach the person that she had to talk to.
After making 3 phone calls and being a member of UHC Shirley was the only one that helped me and took care of my questions.
I think everything was answered correctly because when I call in and I have the pleasure of speaking with Sachia.
She was able to go in put me on hold and find out the information that I had called about.
She sat there and (unclear) with me on the computer through all the steps I was going through to help me resolve my issue and.
The representative was extremely helpful and gave me a payment plan that really solved my needs so thank you very much.
And I got on the phone with him and he said we will.
Everything was fine everything was exactly answered and the agent was especially helpful and pleasant and couldn't ask for a better agent representative thank you.
Wanted to put me on hold again and I said no and hung up I called back and spoke to a Takayla who within 3 minutes took care of my issue.
Could not understand the first woman I spoke to who had a very heavy accent and I was transfered to the wrong department and spent over an hour on the phone.
The woman took responsibility of my questions and my issues and she was going to go ahead and document everything and hopefully we can get this amount of the increase resolved when you.
Brian was very helpful on the phone today and he answered our question about an appeal that we had made.
I was satisfied with my conversation with the woman and I really can't give you any suggestions at this time.
I was in the wrong because I called too early but I was going by what I had been told last week and so I will have to call back in a week and a half.
the call that I just had the (unclear) or the person I spoke to was very helpful and gave me a lot of information.
I was actually calling because I had just spoken with Juanita in your Missouri call center.
She answered the phone with a smile and helped me with everything that I needed.
She took the time she did the research and she got back to me with my answer.
They spent 45 minutes and they solved my problem and kept checking back in with me so I've been perfectly satisfied today.
She tried very hard to resolve the matter but had wrong information.
And I called and I told them and the gentleman told me that I put the date.
The phone call it was there was a phone call and a message left and then I called back.
I think your computers may be a little slow today I don't know what it is because of the weather but the person the individual you know the colleague that helped me was extremely helpful courteous and provided all the information that I asked for.
The customer service rep was excellent but she could not find the answer to my questions.
After I guess I was on the phone close to 45 minutes and she tried her best but the information was not there for her to find.
Helped me understand my deductible and all about my inhaler and she's a great person and gave me a lot of help and so I had no more questions.
I got all the information I needed and a new card will be sent to me so thank you very much.
She did research and she also called my pharmacist.
When I started looking into things I called back and fortunately the 2nd one 2nd representative I talked to straightened it out.
I talked with a woman named Laura and she had answers for all the questions that I had and did a good job of describing phone call availability to me which I will take advantage of in the future.
On this occasion your agent her name was Jennifer was very helpful and very fast in getting what answers I needed.
She didn't mind me asking her to repeat the information so I was very happy with it.
I just wanted to speak to customer service and I was transferred all over the place.
And the only constructive criticism and I shared with Samantha and she explained you know what was going on and that was the wait time to get to a representative.
I spoke with Carlos about a payment making the payment with him and he was wonderful.
it was easy to get to somebody and my questions were answered and she was very helpful.
She asked about me we talked about the weather.
The guy that answered the phone did a very good job and I was very pleased with him.
This representative was very thorough and put my mind at ease but the reason why I called is because an EOB on in the mail that was completely wrong that had all this wrong information so she was very thorough and put my mind at ease thank you.
The quality of voice communication from your office was breaking up and I didn't understand some of the things the representative said thank you.
My doctor was not in her office but the representative said she would continue to read information about Medicare and she will get back to me on Monday with an answer and if I don't.
The last people I talked to were very responsive to the issue I had and I appreciate their service but the first one I talked to today was rude and did not respond appropriately.
Well we had a little problem I had to call back a second time because for some reason the person with whom I was trying to speak could not hear me and I hadn't hit a button on the phone because I'm holding it in front of me rather than up to my ear but anyway I called so it all worked out just perfectly.
All my questions were answered very politely very helpful it was with a Robin from Texas I believe she said and we were disconnected before the survey came on so I called you back.
I had a billing question and it was taken care of and our representative was very nice.
She solved my problem right away and we had a nice conversation and laughed about my error.
I talked to the representative and within a matter of minutes she was able to take care of my questions and problem.
Her name was Samantha (unclear) helped me out with the problem that I had about my account.
I inquired about a letter and I think the letter was a mistake but there was nothing better that the girl could've done.
The second call I made Crystal answered the phone and was delightful.
Finally after talking to ten people I reached Chris and he got it reinstated for me.
But it was just hard to understand her and then she repeated repeated repeated but I think that was her verifying and kind of speaking out loud rather than (unclear) because she went over the 13 dollars I was gonna pay every time like 4 or 5 times and then she said asked me other questions multiple times.
But I did an online search prior to the phone call that was really frustrating.
The two calls that I made today to UHC with Barbara was one and then with Brenda was the second one were excellent.
Well this is my second call and I spoke to Dominique and she couldn't really tell me everything because she said it would have to be processed first but she did explain the amount of my out of pocket and she did explain the how they figure the bill but she can't tell me until they submit the bill so that was a big help and I appreciated that information and so I was very satisfied with the phone call.
No everything was perfect the customer service representative Alexis I think was her name gave me exactly the information I needed so I really appreciate it thank you.
On my call on April 30th or around the end of April the agent told me that the bill had been paid and I would owe $90 and that wasn't correct I talked with Eric and agent today and he said no that he got confused so thank you.
She looked up what I needed she called the doctor to confirm no complaints at all she was perfect.
He even went in to it he saw it and he would email her for her to call me back.
I ask her for some information she gave me enough information she give me referrals.
she was very good very thorough and answered everything and we were able to make the complete call without the phone service screwing up.
I called in to change my primary care giver and it was done in a very professional manner and handled very quickly.
I got a call from someone by the name of Nancy the voicemail said to ask for Nancy so when I called and asked they don't know who it was so unsatisfied so I'll have to go back and try to find the number to see if we can get a hold of whoever it was thank you.
the woman the person had to go to too many systems to find my information too many sections of your system other than that it was fine she was very good her name was Amber and she was excellent and she provided me with all the information I needed and she.
I understood everything she said and she understood everything I said so it was an excellent time for me spent on the phone with her to pay my monthly bill.
There was nothing the service agent was excellent and she solved my problem quickly and efficiently thank you.
Not hung up on me before I had a chance to even ask my question your rep came online gave me her name and next thing I know I was disconnected no good.
Hi Melinda was the lady that answered the phone for me.
Had no complaints the call was very very enjoyable the lady helped me tremendously had no complaints.
So I regrouped and called back and talked to a gentleman and he resolved I think everything in just a couple minutes.
Well all my concerns were handled during the conversation that I had with the customer service person.
I spoke with Delan and she was absolutely fantastic answered all my questions got my doctor's office on the line and really helped me sort out you know a complicated situation.
health insurance and I called about something that I had been meaning to take care of and Alena picked up the phone.
Hi this is (unclear) I talked to Ciyana asked her a question about the gift cards and she explained to me how it worked and gave me the phone number to call and I guess there's 5 different gift cards you can get so she's very helpful and answered all my questions thank you.
The first representative I called said they had to transfer me to the specialized dental department and he transferred me to the main menu to which was exactly the number I had called the first time when I got her and the second person I got had all the answers and her name was (unclear) and she was very good and I would like to give her a call (unclear).
Not on this call but on the one before when I spoke with someone who could not bother to give me any support (unclear) the gentleman that I spoke with from this call was very cooperative and supportive.
She reached out to the doctor to (unclear) some information and she gave them a phone number to contact her in case there was an issue.
She probably (unclear) a lot of calls on this situation and the reason I called back on this particular subject is that when I initially called on it afterwards and I took the survey I didn't see the call back (unclear) I couldn't understand her and she did tell me that the information that I had received from (unclear) was correct and that if I had any questions to call the number that she left.
Your automated question and answers at the beginning of my experience actually were not fine tuned enough to understand my problem I had to repeat utilizing four different sets of phrases before I finally gave up and just asked for a representative.
I had to call back after talking yesterday with a gentleman who got my order completely mixed up.
I didn't like the woman I spoke to and I asked to speak to a manager and she put me on hold and I was on hold for the longest time and never got in touch with a manager.
Everything was fine and very pleasant conversation it was just that the information that I needed (unclear) UHC was calling was closed for the day so they couldn't get the information.
But it took several calls for this to happen I spoke to someone earlier who could not help me at all I tried using going through different avenues trying to figure out what happened with the login apparently there have been some changed nobody could explain anything to me.
And even though I'm unsatisfied not satisfied at all with the hearing aids that I got I did some help from the person that I spoke to on the phone.
I was very satisfied with the customer service I got from Melinda today about the shingles vaccine and she made a special call for me and did everything she could to answer my question and she did so very well.
I had been participating in your dental and vision care plan and I found the forms very difficult and very frustrating and ultimately I canceled it because it was it turned out to be of no value but the call today was fine and so thanks very much.
Well I called the number that was on the papers that I got and it I talked to somebody and she didn't give me the right.
So she gave me the information so that I can call someone else but nothing was resolved (unclear).
I just had a question and it was answered and he was really friendly and wonderful.
I'm very satisfied with the help I received and I got my answer and that's all.
She put me on a brief hold and got it for me and then gave it to me.
or suggestion in that regard is I asked the advocate who had already explained the question that I had and gave me a very valid answer and then I asked where I could find that detail in my plan details or my explanation of benefits and she was in the process of calling it up and then.
The call went very well today and I think I finally found the ophthalmologist so your customer service representatives are always very helpful however I believe the list needs to be updated.
Actually my questions were answered although I have to defer to another department on Monday but the lady that helped me out was very thorough and very easy to understand and I appreciated the information that she did provide so I'm quite happy with the information I've received so far.
I asked her what kinds of activities were available under the (unclear) program and she just kept telling me that the only one that was available for me was a physical.
She looked up the information that I was trying to find and she was able to supply me with the information I called about so I can't think of anything that she could've done any better.
This past call I just had everything was satisfied so I have no further comments.
I spoke to a woman by the name of Char and she answered my question immediately.
I feel everything was answered pretty much and I appreciated the fact that the person called the doctor's office and set up a call back to them so I can get some answers to some questions so I appreciate it thank you.
Since today is Saturday on Tuesday she would call me back after she got the vision department to make sure she had an updated list and to see what she could do to resolve my problem.
I'm very satisfied with the way the call was taken and she explained everything thoroughly to me and I got right to a customer service rep right away.
I was just checking to see if you see things and you looked it up and told me yes and what date I should hear from you.
We were just received a letter and Dave explained it to us.
Spoke very clearly and understood exactly why I was calling and resolved the problem as soon as she could.
The young lady that answered my questions was very smart very intelligent and went to no end to look up to make sure I got the right information.
She even offered to send this via email or via by a mail and she gave me different choices I think everything was perfect and she was very nice thank you.
Your customer service reps are fantastic and I had absolutely no problems with handling the problem I had.
The first young lady that I spoke with actually didn't have very much information for me and could not answer many of the questions about my dental plan.
I made the payment and the person I was talking with is very courteous and they answered all my questions and (unclear) there with me as I tried to get the payment straightened out.
The gentleman was very nice in answering my questions and guided me to the website where I could make immediate changes.
