She was very professional and answered all the questions that I had in regards to my husband's health.
She answered all my questions and I love United Healthcare.
Answered all of my questions and he looked up information for me.
You answered promptly and I got a person and she answered everything I needed to do in a timely manner.
She answered all my questions so I'm I was very pleased.
And she helped me and answered all my questions that I asked her.
She answered my questions and since I am in a hurry goodbye.
She was outstanding in answering the questions.
Nothing honey she answered all of my questions and she was marvelous.
she answered all of my questions and was able to follow through with everything that needed to be done.
I mean he answered my questions.
Handled a lot of my questions and satisfied me as a customer.
She answered all my questions and gave me a peace of mind.
They handled all my questions and gave me the help that I needed.
She did not know the answer to my question and rather than tell me something that was you know just something she didn't know about.
A representative Vanessa answered all of my questions and had all the information needed.
But the lady Aurora who answered all my questions is a wonderful supervisor.
She answered all of my questions and was very courteous.
Answered my questions and I liked the answer that she gave me as well.
One was to Erica this morning who answered a lot of my questions.
She answered all my questions she seemed like a very nice young lady.
She answered all my questions and I was completely satisfied.
Your customer advocate Serena helped me today and she did answer all of my questions.
He answered all of my questions had wonderful energy when answering the phone.
He answered my questions explained everything to me and I finally understand what my problem was.
Katie helped me a lot and answered all my questions and she was a great help.
Tammy handled my issue my questions and concerns very professionally.
She was polite encouraging enthusiastic and she answered all my questions and even asked some additional things that we might have that I might have forgot about to ask.
She answered all my questions and she done a great job.
Michelle done a terrific job of answering all my questions.
Dick answered all of my questions very satisfactorily and I was very pleased with everything.
She looked up and answered my question and that was all I needed.
Shamika answered all of the questions and we're completely satisfied so we were happy calling in.
The last lady she answered my question quick and there's no problem.
The young lady (unclear) answered all of my questions that I had.
The representative was able to answer all of my questions and volunteered a couple of pieces of information that she was aware of.
She was helpful answered my questions.
She was very courteous she answered all my questions what she didn't have on the tip of her tongue she looked it up.
She accommodated me and had you know small talk so and she answered all my questions and it was very easy so I'm very happy.
She did an excellent job and she answered my question and that is it.
She answered my questions completely and I was very satisfied.
The lady I talked to answered all my questions.
Y'all answered all the questions that I had to answer.
The girl I spoke with answered all my questions very.
He answered all my questions and was very informative.
And she listened to my situation.
She answered my question that I needed answering.
He answered my questions and I have no problem about it.
She answered my questions and my satisfaction and I'm very satisfied.
She handled all my concerns and there was nothing that needed improvement.
They just answered the question I had in mind and that's all I needed.
She answered my questions and if I were her boss I'd give her a big raise.
She helped me with all my questions and went above and beyond with helpfulness.
Answered all my questions and got the job done quickly.
She asked all questions I needed.
The person that answered the phone treated me right and answered all my questions so I was pretty pleased with him.
She didn't ask a lot of questions and I like that.
She had answered the (unclear) questions that I had asked so everything I'm satisfied with.
He answered my question and told me exactly what he.
She answered my questions very good.
He answered my questions and did what he was supposed to do.
She answered my questions and you know she gave me what I wanted.
She answered all my questions and helped me a great deal.
He answered all my questions and provided me with other information that was very helpful.
Can't remember her name but she answered all my questions.
The lady Jasmine answered all of my questions and in a very short time.
This girl really answered all my questions and settled my fears.
The lady answered all my questions I had and in no trouble at all and I will use it again if I need to.
She did take care of me answered all my questions.
She answered all the questions that I was wondering about in a nice and polite way.
And she handled everything all my questions beautifully so I really appreciate her service.
It answered all questions Donovan answered all mu questions and that was it.
Lisa was very helpful and she answered all my questions and right to the point on it.
She solved my questions and very good.
The gentleman I talked to answered all my questions very effectively so couldn't have done anything better.
I feel that they answered all my questions and helped me so.
She answered with all the information I needed.
she handled all my questions I think that.
But the agent answered my questions and did a great job.
And answered all my questions so I think she did a superb job.
(unclear) she was really great she answered all my questions and did everything.
Richardo did everything he answered all my questions.
Nothing at all it was perfect she answered all the questions and gave me all the information I needed.
She answered all my questions and actually helped me.
I mean she answered every question very well.
She answered all my question and clearly so I would just say that AARP has once again tended to my needs.
Everything was excellent professional she took her time and she answered all my questions and.
he answered all my questions and I'm very very pleased with the conversation.
He answered more than I even asked which was wonderful.
She answered all my questions and I was very happy.
You answered my questions very well.
She answered all of my questions and just gave me so much information and she was so kind.
She responded to them so there would be no other questions I would have to ask.
She answered what I needed to know.
She knew exactly all the questions for me.
They answered my questions and were able to help me.
She answered all my questions and took care of everything I needed her to do and she was a blessing.
She answered all my questions so I was pleased.
She answered all my questions and was extremely polite.
She was knowledgeable and took care of my questions right away.
She answered all my questions and was very congenial.
Your representative Grace answered all my questions and was very knowledgeable.
She answered all my questions and everything and it was very good.
She answered all the questions I had and made me feel like I can call back and (unclear).
She went above and beyond and helped us with several questions and then additional needs as well.
(Unclear) answered all my questions and was extremely helpful.
So he answered all of my questions immediately and I was very pleased with him.
No he answered my questions and very courteous.
She answered the questions she provided me with all the information that I needed.
She answered my questions and explained my (unclear).
Answered all my questions and helped me understand everything that I asked about.
I spoke to Crystal and she answered all my questions and she helped me out very much.
She explained everything before I even had a chance to ask any questions and we understood everything that's going on.
Answered all of my questions and you know I felt better after I talked to her.
She answered everything for me and as quick as she could and helped me with all of my issues.
She answered all of my excuse me answered all of my questions and I guess that's really it.
Quinada answered every question that I had and she went overboard actually with her help so I am very appreciative.
She answered me perfectly.
He answered my question and he did everything that I needed.
Unfortunately she could not answer the question out right which I believe nobody could.
She went through everything answered all our questions and resolved our problem.
She answered my question very clearly and I understood it and I appreciated her candor.
Answered all my questions and was very polite.
He answered all my questions and taught me everything I needed to know.
Answered my questions she's really wonderful.
She took care of all my questions.
She answered my question promptly and I got the answer I wanted so nothing.
Aaron was wonderful and he answered all my questions to his ability.
She answered my questions just like I (unclear).
She answered everything and I appreciate it.
And she answered my question and I appreciate it.
Probably answered all of my questions and had things filled out right.
The lady who answered my call did a very good job.
The lady that was helping me she answered all my questions and she was.
She answered all my questions and went in depth on everything and I understand now exactly how this is being paid out and what my responsibilities are.
She answered my questions and did it with my nonsense and so everything was great.
Elizabeth did an outstanding job in taking our call and answering all of our questions and meeting our needs.
Not really anything because she answered all my questions.
He answered all my questions plus he gave me some information if I.
Jody answered all my questions and helped me.
Monica answered all my questions and she worked really hard with me to get it resolved.
She did everything possible to answer my questions.
Kaniya Ms Kaniya helped me and she answered all my questions and she was very helpful and that's it.
Nothing she answered all of my questions and everything.
She answered all of my questions and she was very helpful and I really thank you all and I really appreciated it.
She answered all my questions and I can't think of anything she could have done better.
He answered my questions 100% (unclear) and I appreciate his help.
Well I think she answered the question perfectly.
Veronica was a darling and she answered every question promptly.
They answered my question and that's what I needed.
No she answered my questions and it was very helpful.
Janay answered all my questions I asked so that's.
Today's call was fine and Eric answered all of my questions.
She treated me with respect and she answered my questions.
She was looking into every question that I had.
They answered my questions fine and I'm very satisfied with them.
Answered all of my questions and I was very happy with my service.
She was great about answering my questions.
And answered my question very quickly.
She was real nice and answered all my questions I needed.
He answered every single question that I had.
The woman I talked to her name is Serena answered all my questions and then we talked about something we had in common.
Aisha did a good job and answered my questions.
But she was really and she did answer all my questions and was very knowledgeable about what I needed.
You answered all my questions and that was great.
She was understanding listened to my issue and researched it effectively and would give her a 10.
The young lady was professional answered my question right away and was friendly.
She answered all my questions and resolved any doubts that I had.
She answered all my questions and she had a very nice attitude and everything.
I talked to Lisa and she answered all of my questions.
She gave me on my questions that I had today.
She went over a lot of different things and answered a lot of different questions.
Actually he answered a lot of my questions and satisfied my fear.
She answered questions that I didn't even know that I needed to know.
She the representative answered every question I had and went over and above what I even asked her.
She did an excellent job and she answered all of my questions.
There's nothing she could've done better because she answered every question and did what she needed to do to answer them.
The young lady answered the questions I needed so at this time I don't see any improvement needed for customer service.
You answered my question quickly and appropriately and to my satisfaction.
She answered them all.
The girl was very nice and she answered all my questions and she set things up for me that I needed and I appreciate it.
I had my questions ready and she answered everything.
The girl answered my questions and I am very pleased.
He answered all my questions that I had and I was fairly.
The representative Amanda helped me and she answered all my questions and now I am to up to date with all my claims.
She took control of my call and she answered all of my questions.
She answered all my questions so there's nothing else that she could do for me.
And she answered every question adequately.
She answered and she even added to it.
Answered all my questions and I got the information he needed thank you.
He answered all my questions and I had no problem with anything.
Everything was done perfect Carla answered all my questions and she also helped me with finding a new medication she was excellent.
The young lady I spoke with answered my question very efficiently and just what I needed.
And he answered them quickly and efficiently.
The young lady I spoke to was very helpful and she answered all my questions and got things straightened out for me.
The questions that I needed she answered the questions that I what I was calling for.
She answered all my questions so she gets a 10.
She answered my question and I appreciate her taking the time.
He answered my question and gave me the information that I needed.
He answered the questions I asked and he explained it well.
The representative took care of everything every question I asked she answered it promptly so she did.
She did everything you know every question I asked whatever she answered it answered it (unclear).
Rose answered my questions and gave me the correct information.
She talked where I could understand her and answered all of my questions thank you.
She was answering a question all the sudden I had a survey come up.
he answered all my questions and was very respectful.
She answered the questions that I had and my concerns.
And she did very good job in answering my questions and giving me what I need.
The girl answered all my questions the way I wanted to hear them.
He answered my questions and helped me out to my complete satisfaction.
The young lady who I was talking to this evening she answered all my questions and I didn't have no problem after that.
My advocate that answered all my questions she was outstanding.
He answered the questions I had in a very professional way.
She answered my questions and I was very happy with the service.
He answered all the questions and gave me some additional information that I didn't even request.
and just answered all my questions and looked up anything she didn't know right away.
She satisfied my questions completely and eased my mind about my problem.
He answered all my questions just fine so I was pleased.
She answered all the questions that I needed and I thank her for that.
Trina was the one that helped me answered all my questions and also got me updated on some other things.
She was absolutely fantastic and answered all of my questions.
I think she answered all my questions and told me how to proceed.
I she answered all my questions so she couldn't have been better.
She answered my question and that was it.
She answered all of my questions and checked on anything that she was concerned about.
The representative was able to answer all the questions that I had.
She answered all my questions that I asked and she answered them correctly and thank you much.
She's very helpful she answered all the questions I had and took care of it in a timely fashion.
She answered my questions and I am very well pleased with it.
The lady took care of me very well and answered my questions.
The lady was very professional and answered all my questions and listened to everything I needed.
She answered all my questions and she made me feel at ease.
She answered my question and explained it to me.
She has answered questions for me.
You answered my questions very well.
She helped me out with all my questions and she's a great customer service rep.
She answered all my questions and I was greatly satisfied.
The service representative answered all my questions and he was very professional.
He helped me with whatever questions I needed and answered them.
Answered all my questions and gave me additional answers that I needed.
I could understand her she solved the problems she answered my questions she gave me information I took notes.
I had a question she answered it and that was it.
She was perfect she answered all my questions and gave me more information that I hadn't considered and I just appreciated her help so much.
She answered all the questions was very kind and polite and explained everything I would need.
She answered all of my questions and she reiterated what she said and I.
She answered all the questions what I wanted to know and she was just.
Her name was Sasha and she answered all of my questions and talked to me in ways that I could understand.
He answered my questions and that was what I was after and it was.
The woman answered all my questions to my satisfaction and she was very pleasant.
she answered all my questions and gave me the information I needed.
She answered every question I had.
The lady took control of my questions and she handled it real kind and professional.
She answered all my questions and now I understand that things.
He answered all my question and he's going to follow up with me tomorrow.
She answered my questions and I'm very pleased.
The representative was friendly she answered my questions promptly and I had no issues.
Amber was great answered all my questions everything was fine.
She answered all my questions and gave me all the information I was looking for.
She handled the questions that I asked and answered superbly to the best I needed.
Helped me and answered every question I had and I give her 100%.
And then eventually he did answer my question and he answered it very thoroughly.
The lady who spoke with me answered all of my questions in a timely manner.
She answered all my questions and gave me what telephone numbers I needed.
She was able to answer all my questions and give me additional information and how to proceed.
Answered all my questions even gave me some additional information that I thought I had.
She looked up the answer to my question and found it and that was great.
Julie had answered all the questions I needed and she was able to send a reset number to me and I text back and I'm up online and I thank you very much for your help Julie.
She did all she could and answered my question.
She answered our questions and gave us the appropriate information so I can't see that she needed to improve on anything.
This young lady answered everything to my satisfaction.
She answered all my questions and helped me (unclear).
They answered all my questions and helped me a lot.
You answered all my questions directly and completely and I had nothing more to ask them.
I believe she answered my questions and if she didn't have them she found them.
She answered all the questions we had and very knowledgeable.
You answered all the questions so you did everything great.
She answered all my questions and she was wonderful.
He answered all the questions I had and there was nothing else.
She answered all my questions and did everything right.
He answered my questions very well and I'm well pleased.
He answered all my questions I'm happy with the answers and things were taken care of promptly.
She answered all of my questions and anticipated one or two things I didn't think to ask.
She answered my question and that's all I needed from her.
How she answered my question and it was just a wonderful experience.
Yvette was very helpful and answered all my questions and I wouldn't have asked for anything better.
Listened to my questions completely and tell me a response to the question.
Really the person I talked to answered all my questions and gave me all the answers that I needed.
She had knowledge and she answered my question with little delay.
Everything was done right and he answered all my questions.
Natalie answered all my questions and took her time and I was very pleased with the response I got from her.
The girl answered both my questions completely and I didn't need anything other than that.
She answered my questions and we laughed a little bit too.
She answered every little question I had and some I didn't realize to ask.
He answered my questions what I ask (unclear).
You answered all my questions and it was just very professionally done.
Her responses were exactly what I needed.
She got the answers to my questions right away.
They answered my questions and I was satisfied.
She had some questions and I answered them and she checked on a few things.
She answered my questions that I had.
Not anything they answered my questions perfect.
The young lady answered all my questions and I was very satisfied so she did great.
You satisfied every question I had you answered them and solved my problems.
She answered all my questions and was very helpful.
She answered my questions and I had a very pleasant experience.
She answered all of my questions and she was just wonderful if I could give her a 10 I'd give her a 10 thank you Lillian (unclear).
They answered everything and I had a couple questions.
They answered them very efficiently.
The gentleman answered all my questions and I was very well satisfied with everything.
She answered everything I needed.
The young lady did fine and answered my question and now I can tell my wife what's going on.
They answered my questions and that's what I called for.
The lady answered my question exactly as I needed it to be answered so that was all I needed.
The gentleman answered every question I had.
She answered the questions that I needed to know so I'm okay with that.
She answered all my questions and got me what I needed to have.
Nothing Sandra answered all my questions perfectly and I appreciated her help.
Well Miss Annette answered all my questions so I didn't have a question or a comment.
He answered every question that I had and some.
She answered my questions and I'm well satisfied.
This young lady that answered all my questions and looked.
I talked with (unclear) she answered all my questions and everything was great.
He answered all my questions and he was a great help.
She really helped answer all my questions and I'm a happy girl.
Jennifer answered my question promptly confidently and politely and I couldn't ask for more than that.
He answered every question that I had.
He answered all of my questions and it was perfect.
The gentleman I spoke to answered all my questions and went out of his way to help me.
They answered my questions and everything went fine.
She answered every question I had and is sending the material I asked for.
She answered my questions and I answered hers and everything's just fine.
All my questions were answered and she took care of everything.
(Unclear) answered all my questions that I needed to know.
She followed through with finding out answers to my question and concerns.
Thomas was great and he answered all my questions and we got the problem resolved.
they answered the phone promptly and he answered all of my questions to my satisfaction.
There was nothing because she answered all my questions and everything was in order.
Her name is Moesha and I think that she answered all my questions.
Nothing could have been done better because Kathy answered all of my questions and she actually knew what I was talking about.
She found my answers and got things done very nicely.
They answered all of my questions and found the right person for me to talk to.
He answered all my questions and I'm very highly satisfied.
She was very informative and she answered all my questions and I repeated them just to make sure that I understood what I was saying and.
I was talking with Michelle and she answered all my questions that I needed and so I don't think anything else could've been done.
She answered all my questions and got a 100% satisfaction from me.
She answered everything I needed to the truth that she knew and I'm satisfied.
He answered every single question that I had.
She answered all my questions correctly and you know to my satisfaction and right now I'd say she did a very good job.
Answered my questions very quickly and helped me with a few other issues as well.
Randy answered every question I had perfectly.
She did a great job and answered all my questions.
He answered all my questions and he was very courteous.
The person answered all of my questions and she was very friendly so I guess you couldn't really have done anything better.
He answered all my questions so I don't know that he could have done a better job.
She was very patient with me and answered all my questions.
And he answered all my questions and took care of the problem so I don't think you could have done better.
I think Michelle answered every question I had.
She solved the problem and answered all questions I had so I am extremely satisfied.
The receptionist answered all the questions I needed answered.
She answered all my questions and she knew what she was doing.
Vanessa was excellent answered all my questions.
The representative answered my questions completely and promptly.
The lady answered all my questions in a short order of time and I appreciate it.
You've answered all my questions and everything and my request is being granted.
She helped me with 2 serious questions I had today and she answered them wonderfully and it's helped me make up my mind what I wanted to do.
I didn't have any other questions and she answered them clearly and precisely.
You answered my questions and you couldn't have done anything better and the lady was.
He answered all of my questions that I needed to know.
He answered all my questions and I honestly don't think that he could've done anything better.
She answered my questions to the fullest of her capabilities today and she's going to be sending me more forms and therefore at this moment I am happy with the situation.
It was an easy conversation and she answered my question promptly and explicitly.
I setup I asked questions about obtaining Shingles shots and she answered my question and did it very nice so I'd give her a 10.
she answered all the questions I mean and kind of helping me out (unclear) way to go to find what I'm looking for.
She answered my questions and I was very pleased the way she handled it.
he answered all of my questions beautifully and I really appreciate him.
And but she answered the questions so everything was fine.
She has answered my primary question and she has promised to take action on my secondary administrative question.
She answered my questions and I have no complaints at all.
He answered all my questions and he was very courteous.
She answered all my questions and just got right down to the point and helped me immensely.
They all understood me and answered all my questions.
She helped me out with all my questions and everything.
She answered all my questions and I am very satisfied.
She answered all my questions and did a great job.
Cathy took my question and she was able to answer my questions about the fitness program through Optum Fitness Advantage.
Because the lady answered the questions I needed to know.
Elizabeth took care of all my problems and all of my questions.
Could've answered my questions a little bit better.
She answered all of my questions I really appreciate her help.
She answered my questions and you get results from what (unclear).
He helped me get answers to the questions I had.
She answered all my questions made sense of everything and gave me advice on how to proceed going forward.
She did not tell me the answer to the questions that I was asking.
She did an excellent job and answered my questions.
She was professional knowledgeable answered all my questions.
She answered my questions and gave me the information I needed.
She answered all my questions and I guess that she was very helpful.
She answered all my questions and gave me some very good advice I think.
The young lady gave me quick answers and if she didn't.
She answered any questions or whatever and it was great.
She reassured me about the questions that I had.
She really didn't answer my question.
She answered my question and very she was very nice on the line.
She answered all my questions and I'm very satisfied.
Answered all my questions and make an appointment so it's been wonderful.
Shaquana did amazing answering all my questions.
She answered all of my questions and even helped me further in terms to other things that I was questioning.
She was very helpful in answering my questions and my concerns so I give her a high rating.
She asked me questions and we spoke.
She helped me with all my questions and answered very professionally.
She answered my questions and tell me about the bill.
They answered all my questions so everything was excellent.
Everything was okay she answered all my questions.
She answered every question I had and was a great experience.
She got my all of my things (unclear) answered all of my questions very well.
Danielle was great and answered all my questions and I commend her professionalism and her knowledge.
She answered all my questions and was very courteous.
There was nothing more she could've done she answered all my questions and reassured me that I wasn't (unclear).
I don't think anything right now because she answered my questions quickly and promptly.
answered all my questions and I had (unclear) to ask.
The young lady handled my question perfectly.
They answered my questions and they did it in a timely manner and courteously.
Really she answered all my questions and everything was fine.
Well she could have come back on the phone and answered my question when.
My answers they gave me answers to my questions good.
Robert helped me answered all of my questions even gave me some extra information.
She answered all my questions and I got the answer that I needed.
They answered the phone right away answered the question right away and all went very well and much appreciated.
She answered all my questions and I'll be able to sleep tonight.
Answered all my questions and was as courteous as she could be.
The representative answered you know my questions and helped me immediately.
They answered every question and took care the things that I needed today.
She answered all my questions and I have no problem at all and nothing to say about better service.
She answered all my questions and she re answered a couple of questions and that helped me a lot.
She helped me with all my questions and concerns.
She was amazing answered all my questions and was super efficient and listened to me.
She also listened to my problem.
She answered everything to be taken care of today.
He answered all the questions that I needed to know.
And answer some of the questions she couldn't answer right now so she is following up and calling the doctor's office to help me out.
She took care of all my questions.
They answered my questions in a timely manner.
Not anything she answered my questions and even offered more services.
Had no other questions and the lady answered my question for me.
They answered all my questions and the service was just great.
she answered the questions that I had.
I spoke to Zack and he answered all my questions appropriately.
The person answered all my questions very clearly and very politely.
The lady that I talked with answered all my questions.
She answered all the questions I had and we left on a very good note.
She answered all my questions promptly and I retrieved the information that I needed.
And he answered all my questions and gave me the information I needed.
He answered my question satisfactory.
Jessica did a great job and answered all my questions regarding my out of pocket to date.
She answered every question that I had.
She answered all my questions and took care of me.
You answered all the questions I needed to ask.
She answered all of my questions and filled me in on some options I have besides what I called for in regard to my Optometry and getting an eye exam for my glasses.
Answered all my questions and helped me with everything I asked him.
She answered my question and I wouldn't have had her do anything different.
I (unclear) she answered all my questions and I appreciate y'all's help.
The woman I talked to answered all my questions and answered them in a very polite way.
She answered all my questions I was very happy with the results and I have no complaints what so ever.
She answered all my questions and made sure that I was satisfied with the things I was concerned about.
He gave me great help and he answered all of my questions perfectly.
She answered all my questions and I appreciated the great service.
I didn't have any problems and she answered all my questions.
She answered my questions and solved my problem thanks.
I spoke to a Darlene and we had a nice conversation and she answered a couple of my questions.
She never did answer my questions.
She did a marvelous job at answering my questions and following through.
So she answered my questions and she couldn't have done a better job.
She looked through my problems with me.
Answered all my questions did research she was excellent.
The person knew and answered all my questions.
Lisa answered my initial questions and then I have three subsequent questions that she answered to perfect.
they answered my questions and I got the information I needed.
She answered all my questions very quickly very effectively.
She answered my questions and I was very happy with her.
He answered all my questions and was really nice about it.
The fellow answered all my questions and looked up stuff for me.
Christina answered my questions and she gave me a PO box.
My agent answered all my questions and gave me all the information I needed.
The lady was so pleasant and she answered all my questions and I would rate her at the top.
She answered every question for me.
She answered all my questions so in her case I don't think she could do any better.
I did answer my questions.
She helped me and she answered all my questions and she even asked me some questions that I didn't even think about.
The gentleman answered all my questions and took care of my needs.
She answered my questions a couple of concerns I had she took care of right away and I can't say enough good about the customer service line.
She answered all my questions so I can't think of anything else she should have done.
She was great and she answered every question I had and had no problems with anything.
She answered my questions right away and she was extraordinarily nice.
The lady treated me very well and answered my questions.
She was 100% helpful and efficient she answered all my questions.
Stephanie did a great job in answering all my questions my 2 different questions and I really appreciate her help.
Theresa answered my question very good.
They answered all my questions and I'm quite satisfied.
But he eventually answered all my questions so that was good.
She handled all my questions very efficiently and professionally.
So I think that she answered all my questions plus a few other ones I had about adding insurance in October.
She answered all my questions and gave me extra information too that helped.
She answered my questions and she gave me the information I needed.
The young lady that answered the phone answered all of my questions very politely and very professionally.
She answered my question perfectly and gave me the assurance that the problem would be corrected.
She answered every question I had.
(Unclear) representative Alexis answered our questions completely and totally.
And she gave me the answers and she.
But she answered that question for me.
He answered it to the fullest and I appreciate that.
answered every question and did everything you could do and solved all my problems.
She answered all my questions and she was very knowledgeable and I don't that there was anything more.
She answered all my questions and it was fantastic.
And the gentleman answered my questions just perfectly.
The young man answered all of my questions and I think the service was wonderful.
She gave me the time I needed and answered all my questions.
I thank god that she answered all my questions and helped me.
And she resolved all my issues that I had today.
She answered all my questions and I was very satisfied.
He answered everything I had to ask him and took care of my problem.
She answered my questions directly and in a friendly manner.
Everything was great Shantell did answer the questions and got answers to the questions we had so thank you very much.
The young lady that I had handled it expeditiously and answered all my questions right off the bat.
She answered all of my questions helped me very efficiently and professional.
She answered all my questions and concerns so I'm good.
She answered everything I needed.
Not much else she answered all my questions and gave me the information I get so I'm very satisfied.
I even told her I wish that she could answer all my questions when I call.
Alisha did an excellent job in answering all my questions and getting me all the information that I needed and more.
No he answered all the questions that I needed.
He answered my questions and made me feel a lot better.
The representative answered all my questions she was very helpful.
She answered every question and was just a delight to talk to.
And she did everything that you know answered every question professionally and my issue was resolved.
She went out of her way to get all the answers and question.
She answered all my questions and got it resolved.
She answered all my questions and took away the doubt that I had in my mind and I appreciate y'all.
He answered all my questions and concerns and took care of everything.
She treated me with respect and I love that and she answered every question that I asked.
She answered my question and explained very well.
The lady answered it very well.
'Cause Jill answered my question real quick and easy.
Answered all my questions and I'm very happy about that.
They answered what I had asked.
Answered my questions and that was what I needed.
A lovely girl named Praise answered all my questions and did a good job.
The representative answered all of my question and it was done timely.
Heidi the representative did an excellent job and answered all of my questions.
They answered my questions I'm very completely satisfied.
Michelle answered my questions thoroughly and I have absolutely no issues.
Nothing she answered my questions perfectly thank you.
The lady answered all the questions I needed to ask you and she was courteous.
Lynette answered all my questions that I asked her.
Tiffany went out of her way for me and answered my questions.
But the gal (unclear) who answered the phone helped sort it through with me.
She answered my questions real good so I give her good credit she did good.
He answered it the rep I loved it.
The lady I spoke with Stacey answered my questions and took care of my problem.
They spent the time to explain things to us and everything and answer our questions perfectly.
No everything was fine she answered all my questions and gave me all the information that I needed.
She answered all our questions and did it in a timely manner.
The lady that answered my question.
The she was very responsive and answered all of our questions so thank you.
She answered my question and told me entirely what I needed to know and that if I had any other questions to feel free to call back.
She answered my questions and gave me the info I wanted.
She answered my questions at this time and so that was the only thing at this point that she had done.
You did everything perfect she answered all my questions.
You answered all my questions and I was very satisfied.
They answered the questions I needed and I answered their questions and we're good.
She answered all my questions and I was satisfied.
She answered both questions quickly and completely.
And she answered them very professionally.
Answered my questions as I asked and done a very well job.
They answer all my questions and helped me when I had a question.
She answered all my questions concisely and politely and it was a good experience.
She answered my question right away and it was done so thank you.
You answered my question and I understood the answer and that.
he answered all of my questions for me and he satisfied me (unclear) the answer I needed.
Dave helped me and answered all my questions.
She was excellent answered my questions efficiently and resolved my problem so I just want to thank her again so much.
They answered the representative answered questions and I was satisfied.
She answered all my questions she took the time finding the specialist doctor that I'm looking for in my area.
I spoke with Sandy and she answered all my question promptly.
John answered my questions every one of them to my satisfaction.
