Jacob accurately described what I needed to do and gave me the information I requested.
Other than that the lady I spoke to was extremely efficient and gave me all the information I needed.
And it turns out that there was a very easy explanation so in the long run I am very content with what happened but it was a few questions based on the information in the letter.
She gave me all the information I needed and she was so nice over the phone.
Brian assisted me today and everything that I asked him for was taken care of 100 percent.
The representative the customer representative she gets me all the information I needed and she worked with me very pleasant.
No the communication was great and I got the information that I needed.
And patience was given to me when I had questions to be asked.
You gave me all the answers I needed but I did want to put in a positive note for the person I spoke with.
I got my answers that I needed and I got the help that I wanted.
The man that Jose that I spoke to today was very patient liswte4ned to my wstory and took the time to look for the information I needeed and was very pleasant and I appreciated that.
She should she took the time to find out all the information I needed and I do appreciate it.
Austin who I spoke to was prompt courteous and gave me the information and it took me less than a minute and a half to get all the details I needed.
He knew exactly where to find what I needed and he explained what it was and how it worked and I couldn't have asked for a better explanation.
I was satisfied I found out exactly what I needed to know.
He made it very very clear and very easy for me to understand regarding a charge and a type of medication and also brought to my attention new areas.
It was addressed properly and promptly and I appreciate it.
The person who was helping me was knowledgeable knew exactly what I was talking about and answered my question.
The young man was very informative and he gave me the information that I needed and explained it in a way that was very able to understand and help me realize what the issue was and how to hopefully solve it so I thank you very much.
I got the answer I needed and that was what I needed.
The person that I talked to answered my questions completely and verified all the information for me and was very pleasant.
It was very difficult for the young lady to get the information she needed in order to resolve it.
She handled everything very well and I got the information I needed in just no time flat.
Everything was professional and I enjoyed talking to the person and she found all the information I needed.
The girl was very helpful and explained things to me so that I got all the information that I needed.
It was an unusual request for information I had and she researched very well and gave me excellent information so thank you very much.
(Unclear) courteous and got all the information I need.
Your representative was extremely helpful and found out the information that I needed so I don't see where there could have been any improvement.
Eric is who I talked to to get the information that I needed.
Told me in which very much of her patience exactly what I (unclear) a route to take as far as some dental work was concerned and it was just (unclear) for more explicit or thorough person to talk with and to find out the information I needed to find out.
I think your representative Alex did her best to get me the information I wanted.
talked to and he explained everything to me satisfactory.
Everything was answered the way I asked and gave me the answer full answers that I needed.
It was very brief and I got the information that I needed.
Very polite and I got the information that I needed.
Everything was fine and I understand what the representative told me and I was quite satisfied with the explanation.
And I was satisfied with the information that (unclear) gave me.
And they told me plainly what I needed to know.
I got the information I needed and it was wonderful.
I was satisfactory with the information that I received.
Well I was taken care of with every question that I you know that they could help me with.
I got all the information I needed and the representative was very pleasant.
I understood everything she was saying and she explained everything to my satisfaction.
All the issues that I had were answered completely and I was very satisfied with the agent that I spoke with.
And the representative handled it in a expeditious and fashion and gave me all the information I needed.
He had all the answers and I was taken care of.
I got all the information I needed and I was greatly assisted and comforted by the representative.
My representative worked really hard to find the answers I was looking for.
And I really appreciated the second call that I had on today.
Well I am satisfied with the information and the lady whom I talked to gave me my.
I have no suggestions I was pleased with the responses I got.
Mike was fantastic gave me all the information correctly and he confirmed it.
Kurt was wonderful answered all my questions and provided me with all the information I needed it was a joy dealing with somebody who knew what they were doing with.
I got the information that I needed in a very courteous way.
You have a lovely answering the person who answered me gave me all the information I needed to go on and I really appreciate it.
They went out of their way to find all the avenues which could be helpful to my needs and I was very very happy with them.
Of course you satisfied I needed and explained everything to me completely in language I could understand.
She gave me all the information that I needed.
I was very happy to get the information I got and they informed me and answered all my questions.
I got my question answered immediately and there was nothing else that I needed.
He handled it very well and gave me all the information I needed.
The gentleman I spoke with was extremely helpful gave me a lot of good information and including obviously the question I called for.
He gave me excellent information and went out of his way to give me really good service.
She did the research that was required and got the answers that we needed.
I think it was very nice the way it was all handled and I got all the information I needed and he was very informative on what I needed to know.
My call was answered very well and I enjoyed every minute of it.
And supplied me with the information I needed and I'm very grateful.
My question was answered and gave me a little more information than I was looking for.
He came back to me and gave me an answer which was very very easy to understand.
And he was just excellent he answered everything I needed and then some.
And she gave me all the information I needed.
He found out all the information that I needed and I believe his name is Cederal and he was very helpful and he looked up everything I needed and he answered all my questions so thank him very much and that's all I need to say.
Explained everything I needed to know and was very efficient.
The agent her name was Maria gave me all the information that I needed.
I was treated with courtesy and I was treated and I believe that I received the answers in a timely manner and really I am totally satisfied but now I have to see if what I call about would be will be fulfilled that's all.
Because the first person that I spoke to regarding this issue did not give me the total information that she had been given to give me.
It took a little longer than I would've liked but the woman who helped me was courteous and found the information I needed so I was satisfied.
Calls were answered promptly and I got everything I needed.
He knew everything I wanted to ask him.
When I was dealing with Gretchen she gave me all of the information I needed plainly clearly and there's nothing I could ask for her to change.
She gave me all the info I need and she's very sweet and talked professionally and friendly all this at the same time.
So she is very good and I got all the information I needed.
Josh W put out a 110% effort and I told him I sincerely and humbly appreciated all his efforts.
The customer service was very nice and she gave me all the information that I needed.
She filled me in on a lot of the information I needed.
I got immediate response and good help and I appreciate that.
Nothing my call was my the information that I needed the representative found it right away and helped me out.
I think the young lady handled it well and I got the information that I needed.
The representative that I spoke to was outstanding and was so helpful and gave me all the information that I needed and I'm very happy about talking to the representative.
She gave me great details.
And her name was Rebecca and I got all the info I needed.
They were very helpful with my questions and I got the answers that I needed.
Really the information I received was very good and it did help solve my problem.
I'm very happy that I spoke to Christian because he gave me all the answers that I needed.
The call was handled very professionally and gave me the information that I needed.
The gentleman helped me and he gave me all the information that I needed.
It was handled professionally and completely and I got the answers I needed.
Your representative was informed and he gave me the best support that I could expect under these circumstances.
Well I'm very happy very satisfied the way things went in my conversation for my needs of information and everything was explained to me clearly slowly and very friendly way and I understood everything it appears.
She spent quite a bit of time in giving me information requested and went above and beyond the effort of finding more and letting me know what else they could do for us.
He was very helpful in getting me the number that could help me on questions that I have.
In fact he realized that it was my birthday and he sang happy birthday and he handled all of the issues that I had asked him.
Everything was official and complete and you guys gave me all the information I needed thank you.
Today I got all the issues resolved but yesterday was totally frustrating and nothing got resolved.
I found the exact answers that I needed and so it was handled very well and it.
Everything was done perfectly I got the information that I needed.
went well and I got all the information I needed.
I got the information quickly and very professional.
I was very pleased with Tammy's information that she had given me and it answered all of my questions.
Nothing really because the woman that I spoke to gave me all the information I needed and was very helpful.
I really just thought it was a great conversation and I got the information I needed thank you.
It was just very weird because I found myself giving the same information that I had already given and then holding on and then giving it again.
Which I think was good information that I didn't know and she gave me extra information.
It was very good conversation I got all the information I needed.
I got all the information I needed everything was carried out fine thank you.
Everything that I asked about they answered me and told me about it.
I had a lovely conversation and the gentleman helped me with everything I needed help with.
The information I needed and so it was a great.
Gave me a lots of information and was very courteous.
In previous conversations I don't think I got all the information I was able get from her.
Everybody that I talked to you know directed me to different people that had expertise knowledge on what I needed to know and I think your way your system is really helpful.
I enjoyed the conversation and they got right to the point and handled the situation.
After I was able to explain to the representative what I needed.
She helped me and she gave me the correct information that I needed.
She answered all my questions and gave me more information that I didn't think I would need and she gave it to me anyway.
she told me everything I needed to know and was extremely pleasant.
And he slowed his speech down where I could understand it but before he did that I was having trouble.
I don't know of anything that you could've done better for me everything was answered that I needed answered and was very nicely done.
They got my address changed and that was what I was wanting.
The lady was very knowledgeable and she told me exactly what I needed to know and what I needed to do.
(Unclear) helped me a lot to find (unclear) and he gave me all the information I needed.
She went through everything very quickly and gave me the information I needed.
It was very clear and I got the answer I needed.
Everything was resolved and I got all the information I needed and the little guy was very courteous and answered all my questions.
The person fully understood and I was able to get all the information I needed.
She listened and she got me the information I needed.
I spoke with Tyler at 8:35 and he gave me the information I needed.
I got the right information I needed and the gentleman was very helpful.
I think the agent who helped me was very helpful and provided all the information I needed.
I found out everything I needed to know and the lady was very helpful.
I found out what I needed to know and I found out some things so I'm fine.
Everything was done professionally and I learned a lot and I got the information that I needed.
The lady that handled my call Toni was very efficient and quick and I got all the information I need.
The representative was fantastic and gave me the correct information.
The phone call was friendly and got me what I needed to know.
I really don't can't think of anything else so I asked the questions that I wanted to ask and I got the answers and they were very efficient and you know I was very pleased with the service.
So I was totally satisfied everything is good and Keith was wonderful and gave me all the information I needed.
He totally handled my request and gave me excellent information.
She handled two different things for me and I got the answers I needed to know.
She went above and beyond to anything that I needed and I asked of her.
Everything was perfect and I got the information that I needed.
I got all my answered questions answered and (unclear) the girl I talked to needed any improvement.
It was very (unclear) the young man was clear and I got all the information I needed.
He was very helpful and explained the answer I was looking for so I have no complaints.
I can't think of anything I had a question she answered it thoroughly and gave me additional information I found it extremely helpful.
So he was very helpful so I'm not savvy in insurances (unclear) for the medication but he was able to provide me with enough information that I feel comfortable.
She explained everything to my fullest attention and was able to give me phone numbers and information that I needed and I didn't know about.
And I needed to solve them quick and I was answered (unclear).
I don't think there's anything the agent I spoke with was very helpful and gave me all the information I needed that was available.
I just needed to find out some information and all of my questions were answered.
He had to keep repeating and repeating and I had to keep repeating and repeating for him.
It was a very seamless process and I found out exactly the answers I needed and the gentleman was very courteous so that's it right there.
The representative did everything that he could to provide some information that I needed.
He gave me all the information that I needed and wished me happy birthday which I thought was very nice because my birthday is on Thursday.
I was helped very special and I appreciate the time and effort that they put in to find the information that I needed.
I really don't think that applies to me because all my questions were answered and I feel perfectly satisfied with the response that I got from the assistant.
She gave me all the answers I needed and was very patient as to what I needed to know.
And he asked other people for information that I needed and it was extremely helpful.
Jacob was very understanding and spoke clearly so I took notes and I now know what to do.
They're courteous pleasant to talk to and they give me the information I need.
Daniel was excellent on getting my information that I needed.
Bob was extremely helpful and made sure that I had the information I needed and I hope I get him again when I have to call in.
I didn't come away from this call feeling confident in the information that I got.
Tina was so helpful and gave me all the information I needed.
(Unclear) everything the representative did everything excellent with the Oxford and I gave him 100.
Tina gave me all the information that I need.
He told me gave me additional information so it was really good.
(Unclear) was a very good customer service skills and worked on my issue together and resolved it quickly so I'm very happy.
It seemed I had to repeat a lot of the information to him for myself and my husband.
(Unclear) was very articulate very professional and helped me move forward with the information that I needed to get done what I needed to do.
The gentleman was most helpful for me and he really went into detail and he got all the answers for me and supplied them to me and so I'm very happy and yeah I thank very much of UHC and this special plan.
It was difficult to get through all the menus but once I got through to a representative it was great.
She did great on the phone so I got my answers to everything that I really needed.
He spoke very clearly where I could understand the numbers that he gave me.
He took care of every question I had and he took the time to service me.
I got the information I needed and I felt very good about the whole thing.
Everything got answered what I wanted to know.
(Unclear) I talked to a very informed individual who was very good and got me all the information I needed.
He gave me some information that I wasn't aware of about the policy and I appreciate that very much and he was very professional.
I think everything that could have been done was done and my question was answered promptly.
He knew exactly what I needed and he gave me the information that I needed.
She had ready information and took care of me in a timely manner.
She helped resolve every issue that I had called about today.
I was concerned about certain items and issues and he explained it to me thoroughly as to what would happen and so I was very satisfied with the response and the answer.
I received the information I needed in a good fashion and I thank Beverly for the help.
The first person that took the call got all the information transferred me to the person I needed to talk to who gave me all the information that I need.
She gave me the information we needed and it was short and sweet.
I was very satisfied with all of the information I got my questions were all answered.
But he was very proficient and got all the answers that I needed and did a good job.
But she gave me information that I really found helpful and was able to use.
she gave me all the information I needed.
It was quick and easy and she gave me the information I required.
I think I got all my information correct that I wanted.
You gave me the information quickly that I needed and was very polite.
Everything was talked about and received the information that I needed.
And I got the answers that I was looking for.
I got all the information I needed and the agent was very helpful.
He gave me all the information I needed in a timely manner so I appreciate it.
You had patience with me and you gave me the information that I wanted and I was very happy.
I received all the information that I needed and it was explained to me in a manner that I could understand.
I was very much satisfied with the person who I spoke with and he answered every single question that I had for him so I was very pleased.
She was very good spoke slowly so that I could get all the information and I appreciate it.
told me several options and everything and I was very happy.
He got me the information I needed and you know was very personable and I appreciate his help.
The young lady that helped me answered every question I had and fixed everything I needed fixed for what I called for.
But she gave me all the information that I needed.
everything that I wanted to know I got an answer for.
It was right to the point and I got the answers that I have.
So she was helpful in giving me that information that I needed.
I can't really think of anything that could ave been better it was expeditious and timely and helpful and all my questions were answered.
They treated me with courtesy and information that I needed.
Very professional and gave me all the information I needed.
Lovely conversation and I got the information that I needed.
I got the information I needed the changes and everything was great.
Y'all gave me information I needed and everything was perfect.
The representative was excellent and I received the information that I needed in a very quick manner thank you.
The representative was very lovely very knowledgeable and she gave me all the information that I needed so it was a good conversation and I have all the information that's required that I asked about and I thank her for her expertise.
I got all the information that I needed and the man was very helpful so I have absolutely no complaints.
He did what I asked and was courtesy.
The girls were great that I spoke to and there was nothing that they didn't answer that I asked them to do.
I did everything showed me told me everything I needed to know.
Well I should have all the information I needed but that was basically my fault because I couldn't give her some of the information myself so that's why I said 8.
I think Stacy was outstanding and provided me in helping me with my inquiry.
The service rep was absolutely fantastic and gave me all the information I needed to know.
Everything was handled fine for me and they gave me the information that I needed to know and the phone number.
Blue was very helpful and I appreciated all the information he gave me.
So as I said first I was given incorrect information and then I was given help.
And I give him a great applause and a feedback so Ricardo would be ten.
But he answered my questions and he helped me out and I just want to say you know everything was okay.
the call was wonderful and I give them a ten because it was very satisfactory.
He stayed on the line until he found the form that I needed and emailed it to me and he did a great job.
He answered everything right away and your service was quick which was wonderful.
But she excellent had exact answers for me and analyzed the situation and could not have been better.
But after he did that and gave me this information it was very clear and I was very happy with the outcome.
We had a good conversation and he was able to give me the information I need.
The person that answered the phone was very good and provided me with a way of obtaining what I needed.
Tony assisted me through this process and luckily I had all my information gathered.
I got the help I needed and comforting thoughts.
Very prompt answers and I got everything I was looking for today.
For long periods of time she neither said anything nor responded to anything that I had to say.
I think that the person helping was very precise and knew the answer and gave the answer in a concise manner and I think I was overall there's nothing I should say needed improvement.
I got all the information I needed appreciate it thank you.
I was amazed of the person that handled getting all the information I got from her.
I was very impressed with the amount of information you had and how you got me to parts to help me out with my financial problems.
I could say anything wrong about it I was very happy with all of my answers I received thank you.
I got my questions answered so I was satisfied.
I can't tell you that anything could be better because the person was so polite and on time and then even gave me new information that I can use.
I worked within (unclear) my answers immediately and I was able to resolve whatever problems I might've had.
My question was resolved and I had the answer I needed so I'm perfectly satisfied.
I received exactly what I asked for.
And she got me the answers I needed very quickly.
I spoke to Roy in Florida and he did a very good job in answering all my questions and he even gave me some other information that I didn't even know I needed so I really appreciated his.
She was very patient and I appreciate it and I got all the answers that I needed.
Everything- on the question that I was asking and I just assume that everything has been done as I wanted it to.
I got all the answers that I needed and Mary was very helpful.
She just needed verbal confirmation which I gave her.
She gave me the answers that I needed.
I got all the information I needed and the man was very polite.
she gave me wonderful information.
I was provided the numbers I needed to find out more and they were very nice.
I got exactly the answers I needed and this way I know the direction I have to move forward.
He provided the podiatrist doctor's name that I needed and he did a very good job.
She provided me with all the information that I needed.
I appreciated the information I got.
She gave me all the information I needed and all the encouragement I needed.
Your customer service representative was excellent and gave me all the information and couldn't be more pleasant.
I got all the information I needed and I had a courteous nice lady look after me.
My representative was very informational gave me all of the information that I needed I had a good experience thank you.
She took me through what I needed to know and gave me the information that I needed to have to move on to get my situation resolved.
I was satisfied and so I got my information and that's all I needed.
He had the answers I needed and I appreciate it very much.
Everything was perfect I got all my questions answered he was very courteous and I feel really relieved and happy that I called thank you.
Gave me the answers I was looking for and did a great job in brightening my day.
It was all just perfect she gave me the information very quickly what I needed and I thank you very much.
Any information that we needed she made available and we're very happy with her answers.
I got the answers that I was looking for.
My representative was very patient and if I had questions he answered to my satisfaction so I completely understood.
She had every bit of information that I needed and was offered to look up other things for me and I can't say enough about her.
Knew exactly what I was talking about what my problem was and resolved it.
Your people was very polite and got covered and gave me the answers that I needed.
The representative was excellent if what he suggested if I can take care of it as he told me I could my only request was that I held for a long time.
My questions were answered very quickly and I got the information that I needed.
She handled it alright and gave me the information I need.
Everything was completed that I needed and I they told me everything I needed and I was very satisfied with their answers.
He supplied all the information that I needed and he was very helpful.
it was a perfect call and she went beyond and took all the information like I said.
I got all my information and I'm very satisfied with this call.
The employee did very good and give me all the answers I needed.
But he was very kind gently and he went through with everything I asked him for and he gave me all the information I needed.
Tell Carol otherwise she was very efficient made a couple calls gave me all the information I needed.
She was proactive in providing benefits and durable medical supply places in my area and she spent as much time as I needed and I'm thrilled with the information I got.
He took a dilemma that I was having over an issue that my insurance had changed and I was extremely upset.
The young man helped me with all the information I wanted.
It was handled just fine by Troy and he gave me just the information I needed thank you very much.
The gentleman that I spoke to was very careful gave me the correct information and he made me feel at ease with the payment that I was concerned about.
Craig told me everything I needed to know.
Although the answer that I got was not what I was hoping to get she was able to completely answer everything that I asked and gave me the information.
It was very nice of James to give me all the information about my billing.
She looked up whatever it was necessary my records and everything and I was satisfied with her answers and I am grateful for that.
The agent was great and handled the problem and gave me the information I need.
The second individual took the time researched the information that I needed and was very thorough.
Call was handled very professionally and got the information I needed end.
She had the knowledge that was needed and completely satisfied me with her answers.
She was very thorough and she got me the information I needed and how to look in the book for more information about chiropractors.
She has given me information that I didn't know and then suggested things for me and that is beneficial.
The agent that I talked with was wonderful and very informative gave me the definite information I needed so.
Everything was very informative and I had no questions after I spoke with a representative.
Absolutely nothing everybody was very efficient and I was able to get my information in very short order.
The lady that answered my call explained everything that I needed to know.
Actually this gentleman I talked to gave me all the information I needed and he helped me very much.
But I had some difficulty in hearing and responding to the questions and that I was being asked.
The explanations were terrific and I got a lot of information to deal with and it was a great call.
Everything was done appropriate and I think the information I called for I did get that information.
I got the answers I was looking for.
Everything that I needed answered was answered and the gentleman that I spoke to was very knowledgeable and polite and I appreciated his all the help he gave me.
With my experience my representative was very clear and understanding and helpful with getting me information to me.
They gave me the information I needed and very pleasant and they did a wonderful job.
It was a very pleasant person I spoke to and he gave me all the information that I needed so I just thank God for him.
The agent took good care of my request and we resolved as best we could.
I just wanted to know a yes or no answer and I got it and this is that I got further information that was very helpful.
I learned some information that I didn't know and it was an enlightening experience.
The call answered quickly efficiently and got the answers I needed.
The call could not have been improved the young lady I spoke with was personable knowledgeable and gave me all the answers I needed.
No you did a very good job and gave me the information that I needed.
Everything was done cordially and he made sure that I understood everything that was going on and answered all my questions.
So far everything seemed very satisfactory with my conversation and my getting a problem straightened out.
The person gave me the exact information I needed and that was wonderful.
There was a little technical difficulty on your end but I got connected quite easily and the person was most helpful.
I got my question answered and that's all I wanted.
The lady that I talked to she was awesome she knew how to answer all my questions and she was very helpful to me to get the answers that I needed.
Pleasing to work with and talk to and explain the information to me in simple terms where I could understand and really thought it eased my concern so right now everything is working for me.
I got all the answers I needed and James was wonderful in responding.
The gentlemen was absolutely kind very understanding explained my questions that I had for him to my satisfaction so I just give him 100 for his service.
She took care of everything and got all my questions answered and everything was fine.
She acknowledged all my concerns and helped me overall complete everything I needed to do.
They were very knowledgeable professional and they answered all the questions that I had and I really appreciated that and it was real quick (unclear) so I didn't have to wait a long time to talk to a representative.
I got my question answered and that was it.
I spoke to Kathy and she gave me all the information I needed and needed the place where I needed to go.
I got all the answers I needed from a very courteous woman.
I was satisfied with the conversation and the lady I spoke to gave me all the information that I needed.
I appreciated the help that I received and the.
She was very helpful and went beyond the means to answer my questions and get the information that I needed.
Gave me all the information I needed very clearly and very polite.
(unclear) my service assistant was very accurate and gave me all the information I needed.
There is not anything that you could have done better 'cause I am completely satisfied with the answers I got and the information I received.
I really got exactly the information that I needed and she was able to help by calling where I was going and being able to answer my questions completely.
Made me understand everything that I had questions on.
I got good information on what I was the question I was asking.
Donald was able to give me the information I needed right away and any information that I didn't have he was able to find right away.
I enjoy the conversation and I got the results I needed.
There was nothing everything was done that I had requested and asked for.
I was questioning whether I was speaking the same language.
I had a simple request and it was handled perfectly I think.
Debbie gave me the answers I wanted and she was very helpful.
The young woman was very helpful giving me the information I needed and that's about it.
But he gave me as much information as he could and I was very satisfied.
I'm very pleased with the service and the agent was knowledgeable and it didn't take long at all and I got the information I needed.
Ida was assisting me and I was inquiring about hearing aids and she gave me all the information I needed.
And the darling lady I had a lot of trouble sorting through all the information I gave her to get the information that I needed.
I was provided the information I needed and that was all I needed and I got the information I need.
And she was able to find out what I needed to know without any problem.
But the answer while I was on hold for four five minutes as it was researched the answer came back satisfactorily and I was satisfied.
She covered my two problems in detail and was very patient with me and hopefully we made some good progress.
Ann Marie actually spelled out and was very clear with other information.
I got everything resolved and got my answers.
She directed me to what assistance I needed and actually added more than what I had requested.
Everything went perfectly well I got the information I needed.
Everything I needed was taken care of and I was given clear and understandable answers very quickly and my problem was resolved within minutes.
I got all the information I needed answered all my questions.
I was pleased with the help that I received and I got the information I needed from a young man by the name of (unclear).
I got the answer I needed and it was quick.
Everything was just fine I got the information I needed and I gave them the information they needed.
He gave me all the information I needed and cleared everything up and I'm very very happy with this representative.
No the young man was very helpful and searched until he found the answer to my question and I appreciated that than just to give me an answer he wasn't sure about and I liked that.
And he gave me the answers that I was looking for.
Nothing could've been done better than what was done for my request and I appreciate Tamika taking the time to really search and give me the information I needed.
But took a little bit of time for that to come up but when it did he was very thorough and everything I got all the information I needed.
The call was excellent customer service and I really appreciated the help that I received.
And she knew what she was talking about when I asked her the questions that I was asking.
I got exactly what I asked for.
I don't have any comments about better the young lady I talked to was very helpful and I got the information I needed.
She served me quite well and I got the answer that I needed.
She helped me with any questions I had and I was completely satisfied.
I was satisfied with everything I told them and they answered back to me.
They did everything I asked for and they were very helpful.
Everything was perfect the sales the customer service people were courteous they gave me all the information they were polite I couldn't ask for anything more.
No everything was fine from the call I got all the information I needed thank you very much.
I enjoyed speaking with the agent and they told me everything I needed to know.
She answered my questions and I was able to get the information I needed.
It was a great conversation and he let me know exactly what I needed to know.
She gave me all the information I needed and she took her time.
I found out everything I needed to know.
No nothing could've been handled better he handled it perfectly and answered everything I needed to be done and he was extremely helpful.
The call that I mad was excellent due to the person that answered me and told me everything I wanted to know.
The woman was absolutely wonderful and I got all the information I needed in a probably less than a 5 minute phone call.
It was a very nice call and they gave me the information I needed.
Nothing the person that addressed my problem even went beyond so that I learned more information than I had asked for and more information that I did not know about.
I really appreciated the fact I was referred quickly and it was resolved quickly.
It was an excellent call and I got my questions answered.
I received the information that I needed to go forward and I greatly appreciate it.
I got my information promptly and my representative was very courteous.
Give me the answer I wanted versus she was very helpful but I didn't get the answer I wanted.
My visit and the information and help I received was wonderful.
I called for information and I got the information I wanted.
And she provided all kinds of information that I didn't know and gave me information about everything.
She explained everything I asked and she gave me advice on what I needed to do.
Everything was just perfect and I enjoy talking to the people that answer the phone.
She gave me all the information that I was requesting.
Actually I got all the information that I needed and they have to call back and finalize some other things but no it was very helpful.
She looked into every avenue she could and she gave me the information that I needed.
I was completely satisfied with Colleen and there was no further information that I needed.
The representative was very informative and told me things I didn't know about my plan.
I appreciated all the info that they gave me.
Call was perfect the girl helped me and put forth a lot of effort and looked up everything I needed and I appreciate it.
Everything went fine Filex was a great man gave me all the information I needed.
The wait was kind a lengthy but I got all the information I needed.
The information I received was exactly what I need presented in a very clear way and so I'm very satisfied.
She was very knowledgeable about everything and took care of all of my requests.
The gentleman that helped me was very thorough answered all the questions and did some looking up and research to find the best product for me at an affordable price.
It was smooth and the information I asked for.
'Cause she answered and gave me the information that I needed.
Mike was able to give me the information that I needed so I appreciated that thank you.
The one thing you could've done better would be honest and up front because when I was asked before this it was they said it was a one question survey and it was more than one question.
Anything I thought of he researched and answered and got me my answer right away.
She gave me the answers I wanted and needed and so I'm very happy.
I think the representative handled everything just as it needed to be handled with the information I was able to give her.
Everything I needed today was answered correctly very happy with the customer service today.
Actually the I found out the information that I was looking for and I was taken care of very well and my question was answered to my satisfaction.
She was patient and she gave me all the information that I needed and everything was very nice.
I think the service was outstanding and courteous and I have no recommendations to improve it.
She worked for like an hour to help me get the information I needed and to process my concerns.
She looked up the information I needed and I was very satisfied with the job she did.
I got all the answers I needed and the help and the service is great.
Oscar was able to give me all the information that I needed.
I thank you very much for very professional service and telling me the information I needed to decided what way I had to go.
Everything I asked he researched did a thorough job.
I got the answer I was hoping I'd get.
Everything was perfect I mean I got all the answers to why I received this paperwork and everything was done very well and I totally appreciate it.
Everything was I got all the answers that I needed solved and my questions were answered everything was fine and I didn't have any suggestions.
The problem I've had happened earlier this year so as far as today's concerned everything went well and I got the information I needed and the representative was extremely friendly and courteous bye.
I got all my information and the voice was very nice.
And she took care of everything that I needed to ask her and what they were calling about.
The technical support call that I had went very well so I don't have any suggestions for improvement today.
I got the information I needed and I appreciate May for letting me know what was going on.
I got my questions answered and everything was great.
She got the answer I needed and it all worked out fine.
The gal helped me and gave me what information I needed.
As far as I'm concerned I was very satisfied with how I was treated and they gave me all the information that I needed and I really appreciated the services.
He gave me the information that I needed and explained it.
I had all my answers quick and he answered.
She gave me all the answers I needed as (unclear) encouraging me to do the house call.
And he did his very best to connect me with information that I needed.
He was outstanding and he gave me the information I asked for.
Diane did everything she possibly could to find out the information I needed.
However it was not available and she tried several different places and still couldn't find any approval which I thought I had gotten.
The information that Sylvia gave me and the help she provided for me was excellent.
I got all the information I needed and she was very helpful.
I had excellent contacts with the organization and they gave me the appropriate information and support.
She went way beyond trying to find things that the questions that we had asked.
We got all the information that we needed and we appreciate her.
I received all the knowledge that I needed from the person I talked to.
Everyone I talked to was very helpful and they went to the right places to get the information that they needed and I very much appreciate their time.
He got additional information for me and I appreciated all that he did.
I had the service I was reaching out for and the answers.
Everything was excellent so I got the answer I need I got to pay the bill I needed and it was wonderful.
That's the only thing that I had to repeat things to him to make sure that I was hearing understanding him correctly.
It was very helpful and I got all the information that I needed.
that he was able to research out the information for me and he completely answered my question.
I got the information I needed and Bobbie was very nice.
The young lady talked to me gave me all the answers I wanted everything's fine.
I received the support I needed and the rep was very professional and kind.
I got all the information I needed and the lady was really great at giving me this information and thank you very much.
Well actually the call gave me all the information I wanted and it worked out just fine so no changes.
The representative was very clear precise and took the time to really research what I needed to know.
The young man Jeff was able to furnish me with all the information that I needed.
They were very confusing and I was misled on the information given to me.
I got all the information I needed in a clear concise manner.
Well everyone was very helpful and very efficient on the information I needed and I just want to thank you.
She did some research and got the answers that we needed so I think it was perfect.
The call was very informative and I appreciate all you had to say.
Everyone that I've talked to has always been courteous and they've always gave me the information that I needed to carry on.
Everything was perfect and I just appreciate being able to call and get the answers I need or the help I need.
She was very knowledgeable of what I needed and the direction I needed to go and all the questions that I needed asked or answered actually that I asked.
So it was a good call and I got exactly the answers I needed.
She did some research and found the answers I needed.
She gave me all the information that I was looking for.
She not only provided me the information I was looking for when I called they gave me some additional information for going forward and taking care of my father.
The gentleman was totally helpful to me and told me what I needed to do.
She quickly gave me the information I needed and it was very easy.
Had they gave me the information I needed an I am very pleased.
As far as today's reason I called I got all the information from Michelle that I could and she was courteous.
And she listened to everything I had to say and gave me an answer.
The representative today was really educated on what she was doing and knew all the answers to everything that I had questions for.
She gave me the information that I needed in a quick.
Did as much as she could under the circumstances and gave me all the information that I needed to have so that I can call back in the future to confirm that everything has been taken care of.
They give me all the information that I needed and wanted and I appreciate it.
I wish that you could have given me the answer the first time I called.
I got oh I got my answers that I needed on the questions I had and she did (unclear) so I understand a little better now.
I don't know of anything they could have done better because she gave me all the information I needed and some phone numbers that I needed.
Emily gave me the information I needed.
He gave me the all the information that I had and was very polite.
Everything was very good and I want to appreciate the help of Bista Miles who helped with my questions and gave me the answers.
He made it possible by staying on the phone with me while I navigated to understand the information I was looking for.
Provided me with the information that I did not (unclear) know was available and I appreciate her.
She was very knowledgeable and she gave me all of the information that I needed to know and she knew how to give me information that I hadn't thought about so I'm very well satisfied and her helping me over the preliminary things that I needed to know.
I always get the information I need and the people are always very courteous.
Actually I'm very pleased with the information that I got and I got it quickly very concisely and they were very informative and helpful.
But initially Daniella answered my call gave me the information that I wanted.
Everything was done successfully and I got the information that I was looking for.
The young lady handled and gave me all the information that I needed.
I just wanted to give my kudos to him because he really gave me so much information and even called my pharmacy to get some information so I appreciated all of the help.
Was very gracious very polite and offered many times to help me if I needed anything else and I made two.
It was complex and I was able to ask questions and get my questions answered.
I was given all the information I need and I was not rushed.
Wonderful person that I talked to and gave me all the (unclear) about my question.
I appreciate her help in giving me the information that I needed.
I got the answers that I needed quite expediently and efficiently.
She was giving me information I needed very quickly.
She answered all my questions plus she gave me extra on what to do and just kind of really gave me the knowledge of what I have to do to find out my answers and I appreciate that.
All my questions were answered and I received all the information I was looking for.
My question was answered and that's all that I needed and I got what I needed.
I know they was there and ready to answer questions.
I asked and got what I needed had good converse.
I received all the information that I asked for and the person I spoke to was very polite and knowledgeable and what she didn't know she looked it up and found what I needed.
She was willing to make some extra steps to make sure we got all of my issues addressed.
I think the agent seemed to have been very knowledgeable and gave me an answer that really made sense in my opinion because when I called in the past I was given an answer that just didn't quite sit well with me.
There was nothing the young lady was 100 percent on target she was friendly she gave me information she went over and beyond to give me the data I need.
I got the answers I wanted so everything's very well done.
The representative was very helpful and gave me even more information than I thought of.
I got the information I needed very quickly.
David was professional and clear on everything that I asked him.
They done just fine when I asked questions.
It was very clear and we got our questions answered.
Well everything was answered fine that I needed to know and Joanna was very good and helped quite a bit answering the questions.
The representative I don't believe could have been any thorough and very courteous and explained something to me that I did not know and that he told me about.
Everything that I asked for she gave me 100% satisfaction.
I was very satisfied with my call and I got the information that I needed.
It would have been nice if I was able to get a person knowledgeable about the questions I had to ask.
Everything that I asked was on point and I have.
He kept me on hold and he gave me all the information.
And she gave me the answers I needed.
It was a lovely conversation and I was given a lot of information and the process was very easy and I'm glad that I called.
I got all my information and the lady was so nice.
Johanna was the first one who could just get right to the point and get me the information in a quick fashion and in a knowledgeable fashion.
She made the phone calls and found out the information I needed and I appreciate it very much.
Everything was professional and I got all the information I needed.
My representative was very kind and understanding and gave me all the information that I needed.
Actually I got all the information that I needed and my questions were answered.
I got my questions resolved and I feel comfortable with the information I received from your customer service.
all my questions were answered right away and I go the help I needed.
However I want you to know that Fanessa finally helped me with all the questions that I needed.
She gave me the answers I was you know.
The background noise in the room that the gentleman was in was so bad that we had to repeat things two and three times to understand what we were saying to each other.
I got exactly the information that I needed and it was very efficient.
It was always the right answers when I asked for questions.
I think the lady that I had handled us very well gave me the information I needed.
I just needed advice and I got advice.
I don't think it was possible that Jim could have done more for me he gave me all the information I needed went over with it a couple of times on the senior and made sure that I understood what he was telling me I am extremely pleased with UHC.
Nothing this agent was excellent he answered my questions and even gave me more information than I needed he was just very helpful so he did everything great.
I really appreciate your help and that information that is very relevant to what I had done.
Well I don't there isn't anything he answered the question he put me on hold and got more information to be more accurate and told me what I needed to know so everything was good thank you.
The lady I spoke to gave me all the right information.
I was told it was correct information and quite simply and understandably.
The experience was excellent and got the information right away.
You were extremely helpful and cleared up what I wanted to know.
No the situation I had was handled very well very professionally and I was satisfied that I received the answers that I needed thank you.
I really appreciated her she looked up and gave me all the information I needed and was very pleasant.
You were found the information for me and the representative I spoke to was as kind and considerate and caring as I could possibly have asked for.
She took care of everything that I needed and very prompt and quick service.
I got the information that I needed right away and I was very pleased with it.
Nothing everything was explained correctly and explained to me all like I needed to hear.
The gentleman did pretty good and he gave me all the information I needed.
everything was perfect and I always get the information I need.
The person I talked with was very helpful and I think I got all my questions answered.
(Unclear) was very successful and I got my questions answered and got some assistance.
Finally I realized all I had to do was say representative and then I got the information I needed.
I don't remember the name but he hung up on me when he didn't have the answers I requested and was baffled by them which means he was uninformed and started giving me some off the wall answers which I knew were not correct.
While she waited for her computer to get the information we needed we had a pleasant conversation.
Thank you and I got the information I needed.
Everything I got I asked for I got an answer to.
Everything I asked for I got a straight answer and there was things that I didn't quite understand and your representative.
It was great and I got the information I needed.
I was satisfied with the response that I got and the information given to me and the clerk was very nice and competent.
The representative who helped me was very informative professional and gave me the answer I needed to go forward with.
She was very concise with (unclear) information and told me exactly what I needed to know.
I got all the information I needed and thank you.
Everything was fine and I got the answers that I needed thank you.
I got everything answered that I wanted to put my mind at ease.
I received very good help every time I call for anything I needed and I appreciate you.
Actually my conversation with Debra was great and I think I have all the information I need and everything went good.
I'm satisfied with information that I got thank you.
you know really asked for and a lot of her information was very helpful.
My questions were all answered and I got the information I needed.
I mean you know she got me the answers I needed so everything was fine.
The girl gave me all the information I needed to know.
The representative was quite cordial and took the information and got me through to were I needed to be.
Otherwise than that the young lady who worked on me her name was Kari she was articulate professional and she gave me all the information that I asked for.
Phone call was excellent and Natasha was absolutely wonderful getting all the information I needed in helping me.
I got the information I needed and the pleasant voice of a woman Kate named Katy.
you were very courteous and got me all the information I need.
Nothing really I just have to find the appropriate information on my end and it was very explained to me thank you.
I was spoken to very nicely and he gave me all the information I needed to know.
Got a fast answer and the person was very courteous.
The representative answered and gave me the information I needed really quickly and polite.
The lady was both ladies that I spoke with were extremely knowledgeable in what they what the information I needed and then being able to help me.
The woman gave me the information I wanted quickly and (unclear) turned out to be quick.
She gave me the answer I needed to know.
Today I talked with Johanna and she was real patient and answered everything that I needed to know.
She checked everything and she answered everything that I needed to know.
Worked with me very patiently and got the information that I needed after he had to go to a lot of effort for that.
Because the lady that was helping me gave me all the information that I needed that I called about and everything.
all the information that you gave me was very good and accurate and timely.
And hesitated so what in finding out what I wanted and responding to me.
It was very helpful and I got exactly the information I need.
I got all the information I needed and the gentleman I spoke to Joe was fabulous.
She had every answer that I needed.
Everything was met in my understanding I got a lot of helpful information.
The experience was I can't think of any you could've done better all my questions were answered and my issue was resolved.
I got all the information I needed from a very pleasant lady.
I was (unclear) with courtesy and respect and with accurate information and I'm very pleased.
And I tried to give her all of the information correctly and she took it down correctly.
And she spent time trying to give me the answer that I was looking for.
Very informative and she explained everything that I needed to be explained.
I don't know it was great I had all my questions answered and everything was fine.
Everything was done great and I got the information I needed.
But actually the person who what's his name was excellent and got me all the information I needed.
She took time and acted patiently and gave me good answers.
And made sure that I understood and gave me all the proper information.
The attendant was very concerned about our needs and gave us directions on the information that we needed to be able to fulfill the choices we made tonight.
I got the information I needed and the person I spoke to he was very helpful.
I appreciate the answer that I was given and the courtesy that I was given as well.
The representative was very professional took care of my concerns and gave me the information that I needed.
All the information that I received was very helpful.
Your agent was extremely nice and worked on my problem with efficiency and effectiveness and I appreciate the service that I received.
I was telling her what was the situation.
I had a good representative and he checked on things and gave me good information.
Well actually everything you did was fine today I just had a question and they answered it adequately.
I spoke with Javier and he was very clear on in the answer that he gave me about the issue that I had.
He gave me the information I needed and thanks to Nathan I know to be on alert for my phone call tomorrow.
Aleyea was very helpful and explained everything to me is that I have to file an appeal.
I got all the answers I was looking for from two different people today when I called.
She done just fine and she gave me all the information I needed and I'm satisfied.
So that's what you can improve but my last 2 people that I had contact with were very helpful and got me the information I needed.
Everything I was amazed that I got all the information I needed and it was well taken care of.
But the lady the representative I spoke to understood exactly what I was asking and was able to give me the information I needed.
The man that I talked to was extremely helpful and led me in the direction to be able to find out information that I was requesting.
He gave me the information that I needed and he gave it to me very quickly.
No the gentleman I talked to was very clear speaking and he gave me exactly what I wanted and I'm very thankful.
He spent lots and lots of time researching the problem we had and gave us an answer that was very satisfying to us.
I just thought maybe the information I received I thought maybe you all had the same information.
He told me everything I needed to know.
So other than that the woman who provided me with all the information was very good.
Which is different than other holds I have experienced from other companies your representative was very knowledgeable very patient with me and gave me exactly the information that I wanted.
So I was satisfied with the answers that she gave me and so therefor I'm satisfied.
Everything's answered and I was satisfied.
I finely stated my concern and that was answered.
And was just really nice in giving me my information I wanted.
We got the answer and he gave me some updates and everything so thank you.
She gave me politely all the information I needed.
The person who assisted me Sandra was very clear in her explanation and gave me the information I requested.
No not anything really the call was answered quickly the issue that I had was solved quickly and the lady that I spoke to was very friendly.
The problem was mainly of getting all the information and understanding with the person I was talked to it was very difficult for us to understand.
I thoroughly appreciated working with her and getting the information I needed quickly.
I got the information I needed and everything and everything worked out just fine.
No I was satisfied with everything that I wanted to get answers to.
The individual was very courteous they provided with me some additional information I wasn't aware of.
They're very nice and they gave me all the information.
She gave me all the help that I needed.
The person went above and beyond what I needed and I appreciated it.
Which I've been calling since the 25th of this month almost on a daily bases and (unclear) was extremely good and gave me all the information that I needed.
Looked up things for me so I knew exactly what my answers were after the questions were asked.
I got all my questions answered and she was very knowledgeable as to what should be done and how I should carry on.
The agent took my information looked up what he needed to gave me what I needed to know and I don't see how it could've been any better.
Really enjoyed the conversation and I had quite a lot of info and I really appreciate talking to Kirsten.
She explained everything to me and was very patient.
And she was he or she gave us all the information that we needed for the things that we were looking for.
She gave me all the information I asked for and some I didn't ask for that I was not aware of.
In fact it was just wonderful that I called today and she gave me all the information she did.
You addressed my concerns and you gave me the information I needed.
I really had no complaints because even when I was put on hold at least they got the information I needed.
The representative I spoke with answered my questions gave me all the information I required was extremely pleasant and respectful.
The lady that I had questions for was extremely nice a pleasure to talk with and very accurate and gave me detailed information as to what I needed to do.
Nothing the lady that answered the call was extremely helpful she walked me through everything I needed to know.
So again Ally in West Virginia did a perfect job in a short time and gave me the answers I needed.
I got all the information I needed and I'm very happy.
I answered hers and everything went well.
And she provided me at excellent customer service and help.
The representative was great and helped me out a great deal where I understood what my questions were.
She knew how to get to the answers and she gave me the answers with a lot of clarity and I appreciated that.
And she was patient she was informative she looked for everything that I asked for and came up with the right answers.
Bentley was just excellent in his help for me and so many questions I had for him.
Everything was in detailed what he had done and everything that I had asked plus some.
Actually he handled my question professionally and got the results I needed to get and nothing more could be handled.
He explained everything and gave me wonderful information.
So that he could file an appeal on my behave he also gave me all of the information that was needed and a confirmation number that she would receive so that she would know that United would receive or so that she knew the appeal had been received.
There's nothing you could done better because I got not only what I called about but information about two other things that were very useful.
So he did whatever he had to do and probably as much as he could've done and he gave me a couple of extra numbers to call.
I got the information I needed and I was pleased with it.
They explained everything to me and I appreciated it.
I got everything answered I needed.
The gentlemen explained everything to me so that I could understand it and worked with me to find out the medicine that I need.
I rated her a 10 and she gave me the information and was just delightful.
I got all the information I needed regarding providers and referrals and they all did a good job.
basically the information that I was seeking she did answer for me.
All of the representatives that I have spoken with they have helped given me the information that I needed.
And she gave me all the information I needed and just to.
All I needed was to get information for Urgent Care and I did get that so I accomplished what I needed to have.
He gave me the information I needed so I appreciate it very much.
Satisfied with everything that you stated to me and what was done.
I was satisfied and the guy that I talked to answered about all the questions I needed and I have no complaints.
I got all the information I was looking for and the gentleman was very helpful.
But Bonita assured me that she has sent all the information necessary and hopefully I will have a positive response and she was marvelous.
Was treated with courtesy and got the help I needed.
Very helpful and gave me the information that I needed.
Everything was done professionally and in (unclear) order I really appreciated the apathy of the agent that spoke to me on yesterday and today.
She gave me all the information that I needed to know.
Toby was amazing and the information received was just what I wanted to hear.
No everything was discussed and I got plenty of information from Lisa.
She did her job I got the information I got.
To tell you the truth because the lady I talked to Delores she gave me all the information that I needed.
I needed an explanation and the 2 ladies that I spoke with explained it clearly and thoroughly for me.
Kori was wonderful to give me the information I was needing.
Makayla who I talked to first found out all the information I needed to know about a claim that wasn't paid.
Everything was done efficiently and quickly and gave me the information I needed.
I was treated with courtesy I was treated with respect I got the information that I needed effectively and Andrew was generally fabulous so I don't have any suggestions at this time.
However this time with two different representatives I did not feel confident that they understood and knew the answer was correct.
We had a very informative person to work with us and we got our answer.
He went over and beyond to make me comfortable with the decisions that we talked about regarding my claim.
Consuela did a nice job and gave me the information I requested.
My question was answered efficiently and promptly and unfortunately I didn't get the coverage I thought but I was taken care of very well.
I got all the information I needed and the representative that I spoke with was very courteous and very helpful and I got what I needed and I thank you very much.
It was very courteous give me the information I asked her.
What she did for me and the information how she looked it up and gave me the information that I needed before surgery so excellent.
I was treated very well and got the answers I wanted.
It was a pleasant experience and I got the information I needed.
As usual everything that I inquired about was answered to my satisfaction and the person was very polite.
There's really nothing because my questions were answered and I got the information I requested.
She gave me all the information I needed and I can't say anything better.
You went beyond my expectations and gave me more information than I initially called for thanks for the support and help.
I got all the information that I requested very easily and it was very good customer service thank you.
Nothing (unclear) the lady was excellent and gave me all the information I needed.
I think I thought the lady was totally professional and gave me all the information I needed.
All the information that she could help me with and I was very satisfied with the service.
She got the answers that I needed.
I felt everything that I talk about and asked my issues were resolved in a very satisfactory way.
She gave me the information that I needed quickly and I'm very pleased with the service.
Everything was fine I did call twice and didn't get really my information I needed.
He spoke well enough and I understood him and he got right to the point.
On the front side of the survey questions I don't think the person understood what I was saying (unclear) and he was trying to figure out why I was talking to him.
You did everything right and I got my answer right away.
No y'all did well (unclear) answered all the answers correctly and I got the answer I needed immediately.
I don't think that there was much that you could've done better other than maybe completely read everything or explained everything about what we have for what was provided what was on a rider the book that I could get in the mail and the list that came after we had talked a while but the point is I was satisfied.
I got the information that I needed from the girl I talked to.
I found the response from (unclear) very immediate and was able to be resolved to my great satisfaction.
I had a series of things I wanted answers to and he quickly was able to go to the right document of my plan and tell me.
Actually I don't know of anything that you could have done better I think it was very efficient and who I talked to both people I talked to were very efficient and all my questions were answered.
The guy I had was so terrific he told me exactly he had to research it he came back and told me the perfect information I needed to understand why I was being charged the way I was.
I was completely satisfied and I just wanted to make sure that I have all the information that I needed about the renew rewards program and the representative did what she needed to do.
Actually I got the information I wanted in a timely manner and the representative seemed to know what he was talking about.
Yes I had a very nice gentleman who took my call and was able to give me all the answers that I needed and a very good explanation to the reasons for my call and I can't think of anything that would've made it better for me.
A real human being and she knew exactly what I needed and where to find the information and the call was successfully completed I'd say within two minutes.
I just tried to get answers to something and I didn't have answers for and you all just gave me some suggestions.
No everything was fine the person I spoke to they knew what I was looking for and they answered all my questions.
I was given the answers I needed and very.
Everything was perfect he gave me all the answers I needed and very pleasant to work with.
She did all of her research and gave me a lot of options to follow up on.
And he was helpful got me the information.
Very sweet very nice very professional but yet very fun to speak with and I just had a couple questions and everything was answered and also some extra additional information which I didn't know about that I thought was really in the future could be very useful.
I got all the information I needed very quickly.
She was excellent and courteous and got me exactly the information I needed and the one of the answers I hit the phone with my ear so it was a three.
The representative was extremely knowledgeable in the information I needed to resolve my problem.
I don't have no questions and everything was right the way I wanted it answered.
The young lady gave me all the information I wanted to know and I appreciate it.
There's nothing I would say at this time that I would have to correct because I was satisfied totally with both of the agents that I spoke with.
And she gave me all the information that I needed.
He described everything told me everything what I had asked him.
The fellow I had his name was Gary and he was knowledgeable and he did research and got the information that I needed and I'm very pleased.
Everything went really smoothly so I don't have any other issues with the conversation I had with your representative.
You could've been a little more specific on what the procedure was for my appeal and (unclear) much detail I wanted.
The gentleman answered all the questions that I had and gave me names and telephone numbers so I have no idea what you could do to improve because he did everything that I asked.
I got the information that I needed from your representative and I am satisfied.
I can't think of anything because they were both good that I talked to and they answered all my questions.
You're very efficient and got right to the nitty gritty of the situation and I had my questions answered fast and promptly.
