My question was answered completely and patiently and I appreciated the lady very much.
Everything was very satisfying I got all my questions answered.
This is the first (unclear) I've ever called about this but he was very nice and answered my questions.
Your representatives I spoke to (unclear) UHC today was very helpful and resolved the questions I had.
So the representative was courteous and she did answer my questions.
The young man named Brandon that helped me did a great job and answered all my questions and even went above and beyond in terms of providing information.
Everything went as I expected and Judy was excellent and answered all my questions.
I got my questions answered and was very reassured.
I spoke with Tiffany and she did a great job and answered all my questions and I'm very satisfied.
She gave me the information you know (unclear) and then she had asked me all these questions I know she's required to because she you know you require her to ask these questions but she was a lovely lady.
The two representatives I spoke with named (unclear) Paula resolved my issue with extreme professionalism courteous respect and all the qualifications needed.
All my questions were answered by your representative who was very good.
She understood everything and was clear on my question.
Otherwise the person was very skillful in handling my three or four questions and resolved my issues very well.
You asked I asked a question and you gave me a clear answer.
nothing that you could do better 'cause you've always bee very helpful answered all my questions gave me all the information I needed.
I talked with Chanelle on May 1st 18 about many different questions I had.
The person that you connected me to was pleasant very helpful and took his time and really answered all my questions.
I was pleased with the call today and received answers to all my questions.
He recognized that I was a little anxious about the questions that I was asking and helped ease my mind and worries and thank you very much for hiring quality people such as Justin.
I was completely satisfied and my question was answered very promptly.
The person I spoke to April answered all of my questions and followed up with more information and because I'm a new member made sure I felt very welcome and it's.
I'm always appreciative of the response I get from the representative and so I have no suggestions.
I had (unclear) answer my questions very professionally and very thoroughly and it was a great experience.
Everything was okay and our questions were answered and the gal did a very good job.
I was perfectly satisfied with the answers and to my queries to the associate.
Was very efficient and did answer my questions and I was satisfied with his answers.
The lady I spoke to was extremely helpful answered my questions and made me feel very comfortable thank you.
You really answered my questions completely and I'm very satisfied with the.
I as completely satisfied with the young lady Yvonne who helped me she answered all of my questions.
You answered my questions so to me then that was all that I wanted.
You answered my questions real quickly so I don't know what you could have done better.
Jenna was excellent with the issues that I had and answered questions for me.
I got all my questions answered and I appreciate it.
My problem my question was answered in a very timely manner by Ann.
The gentleman that I spoke with answered all my questions efficiently and was a very nice person to speak to.
The representative was very courteous and helped me with all my problems all my issues.
Really nothing they answered a bunch of my questions and I got a good policy on my wife.
My question was answered promptly and adequately and I had a very kind representative and I think his name was Kirk and I was very much pleased with the results.
I mean it's both person answered the questions that I had asked them so I was very pleased with that.
Tom was actually wonderful and answered questions I didn't even know that I had.
So everything was fine the way that it is and the way that he handled my questions and concerns.
Sara who was the agent that helped me did answer all my questions and I really appreciated her help.
I spoke to Amanda and she was very helpful explaining my question answering my question.
Actually nothing my questions was answered and the girl was very polite.
The person I spoke to did a great job in answering my questions and so I think it was done in a very professional manner and so like I said I can't offer any suggestions to improve it was done in a very good manner.
I could understand the person speaking and he was efficient and answered my questions.
I spoke with Jackie customer rep and she did an outstanding job helping me today answered all my questions.
Everything was fine I just had some questions and I got them answered thank you.
She answered all my questions in a prompt and courteous manner and I was very pleased with the whole process thank you.
It was answered very professionally and it was expedited very quickly to matter and to my satisfaction so at this time I don't have any suggestions for improvement.
Nothing was better I had a question and your representative very nicely and efficiently and politely answered my question.
Nothing everything was wonderful you guys answered my questions and got me immediate help.
Everything was perfect questions were answered and I'm very pleased with the service.
Miss Giselle was very helpful to me and answered all my questions so thank you.
I just had a question that I'd ask (unclear) to my ability okay.
Shatika really was very knowledgeable and she answered all my questions and got me on the websites that I needed and I appreciate that very much.
She was fantastic answered my questions got information that was needed.
Trish the lady that answered my questions was perfectly wonderful.
Very thorough able to answer all my questions and make it so that I could understand without it being confusing.
Everything that (unclear) and I asked him he answered properly and I understand clearly just what he was talking about.
The gentleman that handled the phone for you was very professional and we handled all of our situations and I cannot make any comment on anything you could do better.
All my questions were answered in a courteous way and I'd certainly hire that employee again.
I asked was answered real good.
I don't believe there was anything at all because the girl I had answered my questions I had like two or three questions and she was very very accurate and precise and I'm fine.
Everybody was wonderful and they were polite and they answered all my questions and helped me a lot to understand what I didn't have knowledge of.
Actually the representative I spoke to his name is Joe and he was quite informative and answered every question I have.
This morning when I asked everything was answered in a polite and professional manner and answered properly.
No both speakers handled it totally professional and got right to what I needed and answered my questions.
The person that I spoke with was very knowledgeable and she was able to answer my questions so I appreciate you all very much.
The call was handled professionally and very good and I have no other comments.
The representative I spoke with was extremely helpful and took the time to answer all my questions.
I honestly can't think of anything the young man I dealt with was professional courteous knowledgeable answered all my questions in a timely friendly manner.
I was completely satisfied with what I had called about and the young lady her name was (unclear) was very helpful to me and she answered all of my questions thank you.
I got all my questions answered so I'm satisfied.
Josh was the representative and he answered all my questions.
The agent that I had was very helpful answered all my questions.
Everything every question I asked I was it was answered the way I wanted it to be so I'm happy with my UHC.
My question was answered immediately and with full satisfaction on my part.
Nothing really because I got all my questions answered and I understood what the gentleman said.
He made me so happy by answering all my questions.
You answered all my questions and you actually helped me with things that I didn't think I could get help for so I'm totally satisfied.
The representative that I talked to answered all my questions and sounded very knowledgeable I was completely happy.
Robin was extremely helpful and she asked the appropriate questions in order to take corrective action on the questions that came on the form.
I had a specific question and it was answered very politely and perfectly and even with additional information.
I thought all my questions were answered in a manner that I could understand.
I was most satisfied so I can't say there's anything more because all my questions was answered.
I don't know what else you could've done because she answered all of my questions very good for me so I know what I have to do.
I called for a reason and the gentleman answered my questions in a way I could understand.
I was highly satisfied with my call to customer service today the person on the other end was very polite and answered all of my questions thank you.
He was a tremendous source of information and answered all the questions that I had and I really appreciated talking to him.
Very courteous always answers the questions so I wouldn't change a thing.
Your staff knew exactly what my issues were and gave me clear and concise answers.
I was very satisfied with the representative and she answered all my questions and concerns.
But the person did a very good job (unclear) to answer my questions.
within her telling me about my questions she exhibited this really kind.
wasn't really familiar with my questions but he worked very diligently to get an answer for me.
The representative was nice and helpful and answered all my question and didn't have any problems.
I think all of my questions were answered and he was very courteous and I don't have any problems.
I had some specific questions that Jack was able to find the answers for me.
Thank you it was speedy and I got my answers my questions answered.
The call really answered my questions very well.
Everything was satisfactory including the young lady named September who answered the questions and was easy to understand despite she was from the Philippines thank you.
I asked the same question several times because I wasn't sure of the answer but she did a terrific job.
She was great I did not have no complaints at all she answered all my questions and she was great.
You know they do whatever they need to answer my questions and offered me things that are available to me and let me know what's going on so I'm pretty pleased.
I don't have any complaints every question that I had were answered and the gentleman was very polite and knowledgeable thank you.
The person who helped me was extremely polite and solved my question for me right away.
It's a series of questions that I don't even get involved in he said more than likely my assistant will come in and ask the questions.
Nothing could've been done better the person was very professional and helpful and answered all my questions.
Pretty much satisfied with all the answers the girl had given us.
There was nothing you answered my question very well.
Nothing the woman teller was very good answered all my questions I was very pleased with our conversation.
The person was courteous they answered my questions.
She asked all the right questions and was extremely friendly and you know quick to come on the line when I called in and no I can't think of anything else.
my call was handled very nicely by Samantha.
I don't know if you could've did anything better for me because you answered all of my questions and I was more than pleased with the answers that I received.
The person I talked to answered my question very directly and precisely so everything was just fine.
I appreciate Cindy helping me in every way and answering my questions and she was very helpful.
I honestly can't think of anything the representative by the name of Britney covered 3 different questions that I had and unanswered those all completely and totally so that I was able to understand so that I can make my determinations period thank you for having such a great rep online and so on the phone and so quickly.
Really nothing the person that I spoke with was very helpful and answered everything that I had a question about thank you.
Nothing the information provided was great her name was Evelyn and she answered all my questions and I had 10 questions which I had 10 questions that are pretty impressive thank you.
You answered my questions and that's all I needed to know I appreciate that.
(unclear) was very good and she answered all my questions and put me through to the doctor's office helped me make an appointment yes I'm very satisfied.
Nothing (unclear) was great she answered all my questions and was courteous and pleasant and I enjoyed speaking with her and got everything I needed to know thank you.
I'm completely satisfied with the information that I received and I don't have other you know comments other than it was very well received.
The service rep answered every questions I had even gave me additional information that I didn't think of ask for.
I really have no complaints my question was answered promptly everything's great.
No my I had a question and it was answered there's really nothing better that he could've said he handled it very well and gave me my answer so I would rate that excellent.
The gentleman I spoke with had a very heavy accent he spoke very wuickly he spoke non stop and I could barely get a word in edgewise and when I was speaking hec continued to interrupt me it wasted a lot of time although he was able to answer my question thank you okay I'm all done here.
And she was well informed with all of the questions.
Again off hand I can't thing of anything that you could've done better on this conversation I believe the agent was Mery and she was very patient very accommodating and answered all our questions and took care of our requests.
The associate was very helpful and answered all the questions that she was able to with your information on file.
Treated with respect and I think the person did everything possible to answer my questions.
I got excellent responses to all my questions.
Very considerate of my needs and making sure that all my questions were answered.
You did perfect on all the questions that the lady asked me.
Jonathon was answered every question he was extremely polite and I would recommend him to anybody thank you.
The agent I spoke with Malakye was very helpful and answered all my questions and even looked up extra things for me so he did an excellent job.
Every question was answered and I thank her very much.
I don't know of anything that could've been done better the gentleman was very kind and answered my questions and we got everything resolved within a short period of time and I certainly do appreciate that thank you.
The representative was absolutely marvelous and was able to answer every question we had in depth so I thank her very much.
I had my specific question answered and I don't know that you could had done any better.
Handled exactly the question I brought and it was addressed completely.
The representative I talked with answered my question right away and I was very pleased and very happy.
So I can't answer that one all I can say is I enjoyed it and they answered all my questions they got me done so I'm satisfied.
There's not one question that wasn't answered to my satisfaction and this representative was more than helpful.
The person on the other end of the line was very helpful and answered all my questions so thank you.
All my answers were all my questions were answered so I would say I got excellent service today.
Answered my questions and answered them in a very pleasant manner very helpful and I really appreciate the tone that she used with me.
Matthew was a great help to me and answered all of my questions.
You answered promptly and had the answers to my questions so I think they did just fine.
So I appreciate everything and they've answered my questions.
My call was answered extremely promptly and I'm very happy.
She's very polite and answered all my questions so.
She was very professional and she did answer my questions and I didn't see where there needed to be any changes.
Not asked so many questions before I finally talked to anybody.
I just had another question but that was on my part.
The man was very sufficient at answering my questions and solving my problems.
There was nothing the problem answered my questions I had no problem it was fantastic.
She did a wonderful job answered all my questions very promptly very efficient very knowledgeable and gave me the numbers that I need.
You were courteous answered my questions immediately and it was perfect.
I thank her and the first question that I answered should have been a 10 not a 1.
You answered in a timely manner for a Monday I was really impressed.
Great patience from Kendall and answered all of my questions.
They gave me all the you know the right things and they answered my questions and they were very courteous and patient.
She answered all my questions and I told her how glad it was to talk to somebody that was so pleasant and so nice.
Nothing really because the service was good and it I answered all my questions promptly.
The lady I spoke with Emily was knowledgeable very helpful and answered any and all questions that I had solved my problem and I can't think of a thing she could've done to increase my satisfaction.
There was nothing that could've been done to improve the call the customer service was you know friendly prompt had the answers to all my questions and they were very courteous and professional.
Answered all my questions very pleasant very helpful and I just can't think of any (unclear) for improvement.
You guys did everything right and they answered all my questions.
No I had a terrific call the person on the phone was really courteous and nice and he answered all my questions at this point.
Took the time to answer my questions so I really much appreciated it.
They did everything gave me everything that I need answered my question and I really appreciate y'all.
The person I spoke to was very helpful and just answered my questions right off the bat.
Questions were answered in a knowledgeable way and hopefully the information she gave me will.
He helped me with all of my questions and he was very you know comprehensive with his answers.
Your customer service person Autumn was very helpful and answered all my questions.
The representative gave me all the information that I needed and answered my question and I understand exactly what you know the situation is.
The conversation I had with Vic your customer service rep went very smoothly and there was nothing I mean he answered my questions and it was a good answer to my question so you couldn't do anything better anything different to improve the service.
Everything was very well got my records very quickly and answered all my questions attentive and pretty quick thank you.
She did a really good job and she tried really hard and I think the issues that questions that I had I think are going to be answered and resolved without any problem.
The person that I talked to was great answered all my questions and gave me information on things that I never even though about answering.
The customer service agent was very respectful very kind answered all of my questions and I appreciate it very much.
The advocate spoke very nicely answered all my questions and I was happy with the conversation.
Your customer service agent was fantastic and you guys resolved any issues that I had.
They answered my questions and got me taken care of very promptly and courteously and I appreciate it.
The phone was answered promptly and the representative dispatched my questions perfectly and quickly.
Everything I asked her she knew just what to answer me and the agent was very good and helpful thank you so much.
The gentleman Caleb was very nice answered all my questions and I feel quite confident and everything has been taken care of.
She was very thorough and answered everything satisfactorily and I got all the questions you know taken care of.
The one that waited on me was very courteous and helped me through my answers questions and all.
I was very happy with answers to all my questions.
So this lady was a real nice lady and she answered all of my questions (unclear) gave me good information.
I really can't think of anything because the customer service representative answered all of my questions and I was totally satisfied thank you.
all my questions were answered professionally and I was very satisfied.
Your representative and I cannot recall his name and I'm sorry he was very very nice and answered all my questions and I understood everything he was telling me.
the answerer answered my questions professionally and very helpful.
Everything (unclear) taken care of and representative knew all answers to my question and so there's nothing new that she could have done.
My questions were answered perfectly and I couldn't be happier with the service.
Actually everything was done to perfection and I got all of my questions answered so I'm very satisfied.
I was really upset and she was able to answer my questions so thank you very much.
I had a very short and easy question today and it was answered perfectly.
Before today yesterday and early this morning I was shuffled from point to point to point and never got any really coherent answers to my questions but (unclear) today was more helpful than I could have asked for.
The agent was very clear and answered my questions quickly.
You answered all of my questions that I needed answered so I'm very satisfied with it (unclear) too.
I believe he went above his routine duties to assist me with the questions that I had.
So everything was fine and she let me answered my question very fast.
The representative was knowledgeable and knew just how to answer the question.
You did remarkably well in answering questions and getting me taken care of.
I really don't know of anything all my questions were answered and explained to me.
Someone answered and it changed me over to this to these questions and I didn't get to talk to anyone.
The first representative I spoke with was unable to answer my questions seemed maybe to be unable to understand my question.
Justin was able to answer all my questions and update my records so I was happy with the service thank you.
He answered all my questions was very courteous and I had nothing but very high praise for him so I can't think of anything that was negative at all.
He answered all my questions for me me and he even went beyond and above what some of the questions was that I was asking him.
My questions were like searching questions which I think I had fair answers to and so there's really nothing that could be done better.
But I am very pleased with my telephone conversations with the UHC personnel that I've just talked to about some questions that I have and they answered all of them beautifully and they were very kind and considerate and pleasant in their voice and everything.
And was thoroughly satisfied with the explanations he gave me.
Every time I've called and spoken to a representative my questions have been answered and everyone has done a very good job.
I was completely happy with the lady that answered all of my questions.
She was extremely helpful she answered all my questions and the only thing I would like to comment on is for your company to continue providing the outstanding service that you are presently offering to your customers.
Actually nothing the gentleman was very helpful and answered all my questions.
I considered it well explained and felt good about the conversation and resolved the questions I had.
The woman did a good job she answered all my questions she was very professional and helpful so I was happy with the conversation thank you goodbye.
I don't think there was anything that she resolved my questions quickly and she was very polite thank you.
Everything was fine she answered my questions I thought of an extra question which really didn't have anything to do with insurance and she answered it thank you her name is Misti she was very good.
She took care of all my questions that I needed answered and she was so friendly and nice.
Completely satisfied with what all she told me and she answered my questions clearly and called about a cost for me and I was very satisfied.
My questions were answered and she did a really good job and that's all.
Yet Brittany did a great job answering my questions.
The customer service especially (unclear) was very helpful and she answered all my questions.
I've had your representative (unclear) and he answered all my questions.
He anticipated my questions and was just full of information.
I really hung up knowing more than I had anticipated and answers to questions I didn't even know I had.
All of my questions was answered to my understanding and to satisfy my question that was asked to the representative.
I believe that she did a fine job in answering my questions.
his name was Caesar and he answered every question that I asked him.
Alex did a good job answering my questions.
She answered all my questions and explained things that I was not aware of and I'm very pleased with Lisa B's service.
Very helpful in answering my questions.
The representative (unclear) did a terrific job answering my questions.
My question was answered the person I dealt with was personable and did their best so I don't know where I could go from there.
I think you answered all my questions and even gave me more information than what I asked for.
The representative was very friendly helpful understanding and spent the time with me to help me understand what my question was.
You know I think you handled everything that I needed to get done and knew all the questions that I had and I think you did a very good job.
All the questions were answered remarkably well with all the information I needed to resolve my problem.
The lady who helped me answered my question and I was very well satisfied.
I'm really appreciated and my question was answered and everything is fine.
I think that your customer service representative Nicole (unclear) she just did not know of the answer to my question she took the time to find out and so I am very satisfied that I have my answer to my question.
She answered all my questions she was very courteous and I really enjoyed talking to her and thank you for not putting me on hold.
Nothing really your associate called up the information I needed and provided answers to my questions.
I do not have a complaint his name was Jay and he went through the entire series of questions I had very nicely and I appreciated his help thank you.
the girl was very helpful that talked to me and answered all my questions.
Both of them were very good about answering my questions and I'm just waiting for the follow up.
The one question that she was unsure about she placed me on hold for less than one minute which I think is absolutely acceptable.
I have no recommendations for improvement the young lady was very professional she answered all my questions she was excellent.
my question was completely answered and I was satisfied with my conversation with the agent.
And I appreciated her ability to answer my questions.
I had a great experience with the lady that answered all my questions.
Actually the representative Jacqueline was really nice and she answered all my questions.
Very polite and answered questions I didn't even know I had.
And I got all my questions answered and in a timely manner.
I mean the customer service rep she was friendly she was helpful she answered all my questions very courteous.
Very efficient and I got my question answered and I appreciate the help.
Well you answered all my questions and that's all I asked and so I'm pretty pleased with it.
I was happy with everything the young man answered my questions and explained and I understood exactly what he saying.
There wasn't really anything that you could do better she answered all my questions and gave me the right information I'm sure.
She really helped me out a lot with the questions I asked her.
The gentleman that helped me was very good answered all of my questions.
The only thing you could do better is you make me answer a million questions on the voice mail part when you call and then when the person gets on the phone that's going to help you asks you the same questions over again and it's redundant but other than that Ray was very very nice and helpful and patient and answered all my questions.
I do believe that the girl that answered the phone she answered my questions.
I don't know that anything could have been added Brady listened to my question and researched it and answered it and then answered my follow up questions to it so I don't know that you could've improved anymore.
I haven't got a clue as to what you could've done better he answered my questions was very nice and courteous pleasant to talk to respected me and gave me the answer that I needed.
The representative was very professional he answered all questions and he solved my problem and I thank him so much.
I asked her questions and she gave me the answers as clear and prompt and they were always gave me a good answer.
I think your job was done adequately for every question I had.
He did a terrific job answering the questions.
The customer service rep was very patient and he did answer all my questions.
My questions were handled very promptly and with a lot of respect and fully and I received the answers I was looking for without much delay.
I think it was answered my questions pretty much.
Informed me very well.
Madison was excellent and was able to answer all of my questions thank you.
I had a very good representative and my questions were answered in a timely manner and everything.
Every person I've ever talked to is very polite and they answer all your questions and they take time to make sure you understand what they're trying to tell you so I'm very well pleased with them.
This call was just fine she did answer my questions.
I mean she was real nice and she answered all my questions.
(Unclear) had answered my question and that was all I needed so thank you.
Well the person I talked to was very helpful and answered all my questions.
I got all my questions answered and I was pleased with it thank you.
What I called in regarding she answered effectively and she did a good job.
The representative answered all my questions was very polite and you couldn't have done anything better and I appreciate it.
You answered all of my questions in the way I expected to receive the answers and I'm quite pleased with everything you've about it.
The question that I needed to be answering very good.
Today's call was complete it was good they were courteous and answered my questions thank you.
You answered my question there was nothing else that I really needed.
My question was not able to be answered but the other questions were and so I was very glad about that.
Nothing could've been done any better Barbara our customer service representative answered all our questions efficiently and professionally.
The customer service person that I had was absolutely wonderful patient understanding and answered all my questions she was a delight.
So if anybody could call me and answer my question I'd be very pleased.
I was my answer my question was answered very quickly and graciously.
Everything was excellent and the young lady that answered all my questions and gave me additional information I appreciate thank you.
I was pleased with the response of the courtesy and the courtesy of the representative everything went well and he answered all my questions and everything is good.
And I thank the representative who spoke with me and answered all of my questions.
I don't remember the representative's name but she was wonderful she answered all of my questions and I feel confident that she answered them correctly.
Charlie the attendant that helped me was wonderful and answered my questions very clearly and specifically and I appreciate it very much.
I can't think of anything the representative was terrific answered all of my questions and was very courteous thank you.
Actually David did a wonderful job and answered all my questions.
The first question you asked me I did zero.
The gentleman was very helpful with everything and all the questions I had.
But your representative was exceptional and answered every question I needed to answer and took care of my needs.
And my questions were answered in a positive voice so I'm very happy right now.
All my questions were answered and I spoke to a very nice guy.
(Unclear) was extremely helpful and he answered my question quickly and fully.
You answered every question that I needed to have answered and thank you.
The call was handled very well and I appreciate all the help she gave me.
The call was very satisfactory handled by your representative and without any delay in answering on a Monday which I compliment you for.
My one question was answered with speed and very kindness and efficiency.
The representative was more than perfect and answered all my questions exactly how I wanted them.
I had both of my questions answered and taken care of and your representative was very nice.
I mean you know (unclear) they was very professional and answered my questions and polite.
Well I think that he answered my question he did answer my question as to what I needed.
I had no problem my question was answered right away thank you.
The associate that I spoke to today and any other time have always gone out of their way to make sure that they've answered a question and have done everything they possibly can.
the person we talked to actually answered all of our questions did an outstanding job.
You gave me all the answers that I need and (unclear) is very good.
I think the girl that I spoke with did a great job and answered all of my questions.
I believe everything was done correctly and professionally all my questions was answered and I believe I'm completely satisfied thank you.
Helping me know what I had to do and answered every question that I had.
I got my question answered promptly and politely.
Nothing she was very helpful and answered all of my questions.
She was very helpful answered any question got me set up right away.
The agent that I spoke with was very professional and answered all of my questions.
Had a lot of patience and he answered all my questions and even asked me at the end of the call to make sure that I didn't have any more.
You guys answered all my questions I was very very much happy with the service.
My agent answered every question with courtesy and I was very pleased.
I had a (unclear) of questions and Renee did a fantastic job answering my questions and getting the information that I needed.
I got more questions answered than I knew.
You answered my questions completely and I understood it and that's all I can say.
I think that the representative did an excellent job and that the majority of our questions were answered.
Your customer service rep answered all of my questions very thoroughly and added some additional information which is very helpful.
the representative that helped me clarified it and explained it to me in such a way which I better understand it.
The representative that answered all my questions and I don't know how you could've done better.
The lady that I dealt with was most kind and tried to answer all of my questions and she did a very good job.
Today's experience with the young lady answering my questions was extremely good.
You answered he answered my question he was very polite and I will not feel weird calling back every again.
I don't feel that my question was really answered.
Actually my questions were answered and she laid it out very well about international travel.
Well I was satisfied with the lady that I talked to and she answered all the questions that I had.
No all the representatives have always done a good job and answered my questions.
I had a very courteous friendly (unclear) handled my question and did everything good.
you all have answered all my questions and been very courteous.
No (unclear) they were I had questions and they answered them for me very good.
Lady named Jessica and a lady on the phone was very professional and answered all my questions.
I don't believe you could've did anything better because you were really answered my question and gave me more information than I really was expecting so I was really pleased and you got an A one rating with me for your communication with me and all of the questions that I asked you.
No this conversation at this time they were able to answer all my questions.
I spoke with John and he was extremely helpful answered all the questions so patient with me and I think he went way beyond his job duties just to help me so I really appreciate it.
The call was a question that was complicated and the representative took care of it professionally.
I just talked to Jo and she went up and above answering all of my questions and I understand everything she was great thank you.
There wasn't anything they helped the service provider helped me and answered all my questions very thoroughly.
My representative today was Katherine and she answered all my questions in detail and there was nothing more that she could've done for me.
So I feel that you did and answered everything I asked.
And Rosa with whom I spoke resolved my question quickly and authoritatively.
Every question I had was answered 100% by the lady that did my research.
She took care of everything and I mean all questions were answered to the fullest of her knowledge and gave me a good (unclear) on what I can do.
Always let me talk and answered all my questions efficiently and correctly and fully and so I think Percy from the Philippines deserves a raise.
My question was answered to my satisfaction and I had no other questions available so I think it was great.
Noah handled my inquiry and he did a very thorough job.
I don't know of anything you could've done better I was very happy you answered my questions exactly as I wanted.
There really is nothing that I have to say except that I was treated very nice and all my questions were answered and I appreciate it thank you.
I raised a question and you gave me the answer I was looking for so I'm completely satisfied.
(Unclear) change the language and I asked enough questions and she answered back and we were able to zero in.
The representative did an awesome job resolving my concerns.
The lady answered my questions and she was really helpful and so far this is the second time I've called you I've been treated very well and I appreciate it.
On this particular occasion everything was handled very professionally and I understood completely and the agent of whom I spoke to explained everything that I needed to know and I thank you very much for that.
Everything was fine I got my questions answered I have no problem at all.
The Joe was the fellows name and he was very helpful answered all my questions and was he seemed like he was very knowledgeable about everything and I'm satisfied as I can be.
I talked to a really good customer service representative Jack and he answered all my questions.
Actually Cynthia who was my service rep answered my questions took the time to do the research.
Nothing Rich was fabulous he answered my questions he was efficient.
in the conversation with Amanda the representative she just answered all of my questions.
Nothing you could've done better she answered my question and helped me out.
I appreciated his professionalism and thoroughness in dealing with my issue today.
You took care of my questions and I'm very happy.
to really understand what my question was and to really answer my question.
But the question I called with was answered superbly thank you.
Everything went very smoothly and the operator looked at my case and answered me very courteously and correct.
Everything was fine and I like it how they treat me and answer my my questions.
I mean the person I spoke to was very professional and had knowledge of everything and answered all of my questions in a very kind manner.
Everything was taken care of and the lady answered my questions and I was satisfied with it.
Everything was fine the representative answered all my questions and we are very satisfied.
My question was answered quickly and I was satisfied with the results.
My questions were answered and I'm very pleased with the customer service that I received.
The gentlemen I talked to was excellent very helpful gave me the answers I look for and that's the best I can say.
She was excellent the way she handled my questions and the information she gave me which is right on the money and I'm satisfied and thank you.
I have very good everything's satisfactory to my asking the questions and understanding.
The question I asked was very professional by the person that answered them for me and I think that's great.
Generally the previous experiences I've had you know have all been fine and have been you know somebody's picked up the phone and answered my questions or you know done as I had requested.
Well Eric did a great job in explaining to me and answering the questions.
Every question that I have she answered me and she went through the whole thing and she was very polite very nice.
Adriane did a fantastic job of answering my questions.
My helper on the phone did a fantastic job of answering all my questions.
And I appreciated all the way the gals answered my questions.
Nina did a great job answering my question and I'm highly confident that UHC will get the problem resolved.
Especially with being a senior and asking questions and getting very good answers.
I mean they asked me a few questions and they took care of me very well.
You've given me a question before I've even talked to somebody.
She was excellent in communication as well as in detailing all of the key facts that were in question for myself.
They had all the answers to my questions that I asked but thank you very much.
They did everything just fine in answering my questions.
Had a very nice personality and made me feel comfortable in asking questions and she knew the answer to the questions and I thank you.
Nothing I think that a representative did a good job answered all my questions.
So I appreciate speaking with her today it was very helpful she answered all my questions.
I was very satisfied and you answered all my questions.
I am completely happy with the call and with the young lady I spoke with and she answered all my questions and I'm very happy with the answers I got.
The customer service was there they were there after working hours and they came up with a question with the answer to the question so thank you.
You all answered my questions promptly and in a very courteous manner.
There is nothing I can tell you right now because she helped me answer all the questions I had.
Very kind and took all my questions.
As far as doing anything better Sonia out of Queensboro was very helpful in assisting me and answered all of my questions so I'm very happy with my call today.
Sometimes I don't get answers to my questions but today was perfect.
The person was professional answered all my questions and I'm very satisfied.
Listened closely to everything I said without interruptions.
Everything was answered with the questions that I had.
It was a fairly simple issue about coverage and the woman answered the question very thoroughly.
My conversation with Mike was quite productive and I think we had a resolution to the questions that were raised.
No changes necessary Charm was extremely helpful and resolved my issue thank you.
The man I talked to was expert and answered all my questions.
All my questions was answered I was very satisfied thank you.
It went very smoothly and India was very knowledgeable and took care of the questions that both of us had.
I think you answered all my questions and in a timely manner and so I have no concerns about your service as of now.
Everything was great the customer service rep was very knowledgeable and I got all my questions answered thank you.
I'm sure that he's a valuable employee and he really answer all my questions and I had several different ones.
Nothing representative was very polite and handled my question and got it resolved.
Everything was taken care of very nicely and I was fully informed on the questions I had asked thank you very much.
I think all of my questions were answered completely and I understood everything Michelle told me.
I spoke to Kendra she was very informative and answered all my questions perfectly.
She didn't know how to answer the question (unclear) do that so I don't know what was her name I didn't (unclear) but the first person who answered my call today.
The assistant was extremely polite very good answered the questions took time to answer me and to find out what I needed to know.
It was a good conversation and she answered my question.
All the associates that I spoke to were very professional answered all my questions and I this is the first time I've ever had United Healthcare Complete and I absolutely love it.
Nothing else everything was fine just fine talking with the representative all my questions were answered very happy.
And she was absolutely delightful she did everything I asked anticipated my questions anticipated my needs and just was a joy to speak with.
My questions were I asked they were answered and quickly as I can expect them to be and as usual everything is always all good.
Everything was answered to my questions all my questions were answered pretty good and clear and I was satisfied.
He was he spent some time talking and speaking to me with a lot of the concerns that I had.
Very efficient very courteous asked all the right questions answered my questions.
Zach was very helpful and too just three or four minutes to answer my question.
Well you answered every question it was a wanted to answer and she was very kind so I don't have no complaints.
this question I had and I'm very satisfied.
This man was very helpful and answered all my questions and I really appreciate it.
I hade questions and they were completely answered by your representative.
It was the best and you answered every question and you were very patient.
I was completely satisfied all questions answered delightful can't imagine anything else.
(Unclear) my answers were forthcoming and she was fine.
I think she's absolutely wonderful and answered all my questions.
The representative was very thorough in answering my questions and doing what I asked of her.
No this person was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions.
Had a nice conversation answered all my questions.
The lady that talked to me and listened to me and answered my questions was super great.
Got back to me rather quickly and satisfied all my questions and got me on the right track.
I didn't have any questions that weren't answered and she was very informative.
The representative was extremely helpful answered all my questions and even gave me some phone numbers to help me going further.
The representative James that I spoke with this morning answered all my questions and provided all the information I needed.
I had 2 other questions I hadn't even thought about asking and she was able to help me with everything.
The service was so efficient and answered my question right away.
Oh I don't think everything was answered to my as that I needed answered my questions so that you know I understood.
I got all my answers all my questions answered and I and the lady that helped me was very helpful to me.
I don't think there's anything you could've done better Jensley was wonderful at solving all my questions and answering everything I needed to know.
I had very good service and I got my question answered and I liked the answer to the question and it was a good experience.
So I feel that the questions I had were completely answered and I was very satisfied.
Terry I think did a very good job answering my question and following up on the problem.
You know the questions and she found the information for me right away.
They couldn't have did anything so but she was very helpful and asked all of the questions and I appreciate that and you have a blessed day.
All my answers were totally answered and such (unclear) in such a pleasant way.
I got all my questions answered in a manner that I understood.
Everything was fine and he took care of my questions and I'm very happy about the response.
I think the representative (Unclear) handled and answered all my questions.
Ken was wonderful and he answered all my questions.
The representatives that I talked to today were exceptional answered all my questions and handled everything very nicely.
For having a person who can answer my questions and help me exceptionally well.
I have no other questions and she did a good job.
I had a few questions and she took care of everything very nicely.
Florence did a great job answering my questions.
My questions was all answered and I'm very satisfied with it.
Everything was done correctly Tyler was the representative I spoke with he seemed well informed he took his time he was courteous and he was careful in all of his explanation thank you.
Everything was fine today and she was very helpful with the information any questions I had thank you have a good day.
The representative handled my concern very well and was able to fulfill my wishes.
He asked me if there was anything else but he answered all my questions so I was very very satisfied with his help.
But his gentleman here answered my question and resolved the problem his name was Andy.
Not a thing she was very polite she answered all my questions and gave me some advice on an telephone number.
She was very thorough in every question that I had so I'll give her a 10.
I had a great experience talking to William he's a very nice young man and he answered all my questions and I was very satisfied.
Your agents was very helpful to me and answered all my questions and gave me the information that I wanted.
The phone was answered promptly and your representative answered the question clearly and was very polite and congenial so I really didn't have any problems with this call.
The young lady was very helpful answered my questions very promptly and I appreciate all her help.
He spoke clearly and I had no trouble understanding him.
Call from the past I have gotten a mixture of answers to the same question but today she was very good.
the question that I had really got answered and in this particular conversation and situation I don't believe that the lady and I'm sorry I did not get her name.
Honestly you guys answered all my questions very promptly and was very polite.
And also were giving me her expertise advice opinion and with truthfulness and candor.
The gentleman that answered the phone did an awesome job.
He was great answered all my questions.
I asked the questions and it was very clear.
Chino was very helpful and answered my questions and nothing could have been better.
I am completely satisfied in all the answers that I got and you know it's been (unclear) and so I have no complaints at all.
The representative did a great job of explaining and then did research to find out the answers to my question.
Because they were very patient with me and answered all of my questions.
And they went out of their way to answer all of my questions and I'm very very happy.
But at the beginning when I first called you said one question and then at the end it's three questions although I don't mind but you probably should correct that.
I think the young lady that took care of me answered all the questions that I had.
I only had a couple questions and she was very kind and she spoke distinctly so I could understand her.
I can't think of anything you answered all my questions and I was able to write everything down I needed to know and I appreciate your help.
Carol the rep that I had was very knowledgeable and she answered every question that I had.
Well the (unclear) representatives that I spoke to were very up to date with their work and then they helped me get (unclear) by answering all my questions and finishing everything up in a very helpful way.
The young woman who helped me and I can't remember her name but she was most helpful and answered all my questions thoroughly.
Got all my questions answered very quickly and very efficiently.
I got my question answered very politely very nicely and I have.
He listened to what I was telling him and he answered my questions and then he gave me the answers to the questions I was asking him and everything was perfect and I'm perfectly happy with the results.
She made me feel good about the questions I had asked.
I'm very happy to talk to representative and she gave me excellent information about all the questions and I'm really happy to hear from her regarding all my problems or questions.
I think everything was handled professionally good and the people were very courteous in answering your questions and they gave you the right answers so keep up the good work.
That's a tricky question because my questions to the gentleman were kind of.
I was very satisfied with the answers I got to the questions I had so that's about it.
The person answering the call took care of all my questions in a very prompt manner seems to be quite knowledgeable.
I thought Will did a excellent job at explaining to me what at the question that I asked her.
I was handled courteously and quickly and my questions were answered.
Oh my question was answered but I had questions about so everything was great.
Actually my questions were answered and the representative was so friendly and answered all the questions.
She understood and answered the questions appropriately and I was very pleased with the service.
Victor did a fantastic job in helpful answer the questions that I had.
They really responded to my questions and helped me very well.
I don't think there was anything that you could've done better the gentleman Kenny that I spoke with was a very big help and answered all my questions very politely.
You could not have done anything better all my questions were answered very clearly and very concisely.
I had a customer reserve and a customer service girl her name was Jaqua she was excellent she done everything I asked and she answered all my questions so thank you very much bye.
The person I spoke to at United Healthcare answered all of my questions and explained everything well to my satisfaction.
Your ladies name was Sheila my name is Sheila and everything was done in a timely manner and she answered all my questions professionally.
The lady that I spoke with is very thorough and I enjoyed speaking with her and she answered all my questions.
Well everything went very smoothly and all my questions was answered so there's I have no other comments.
My call with Elizabeth and Alyssa R were very (unclear) they helped me and they answer all my questions and they clarify for me the matters that I have so therefore there's really nothing further that (unclear) everything and all my questions were answered and I was really satisfied.
I had several issues that I was questioning and he was able to resolve each one for which I am very grateful.
I got more questions answered than I thought to ask.
All my questions were answered promptly and very pleasant speaking with her.
You answered the phone promptly and your customer service representative named Ann was such a delight to speak to so kind and so helpful.
I was very happy (unclear) person that answered all my questions.
The service representative that helped me was Emily and she answered my questions very well and very knowledgeable and you know I just was perfectly well with the what was expected out of me alright.
The lady went through all the scripts and was (unclear) what I can do and answers in a matter of time.
The first representative Kirk was professional courteous answered my questions to the fullest took more than adequate time to explain things to me to my full understanding.
I got a good outcome to some questions I asked so I appreciate that.
And it just satisfied my curiosity and my question was answered like they did and I'm happy to say UHC rocks.
My all my questions were answered and she was very helpful and I feel so much better about the call.
I think everything went very well and the person David answered all my questions.
He did a great job and answered all our questions.
Nothing really he answered my questions and that's what I wanted to know where I stand thank you.
There really wasn't anything the gentleman John answered all my questions in detail which was what I was looking for.
All questions were answered satisfactorily and had a very good response from your representative that kept me informed at all times during our conversation when we had to be on hold.
Well of course everybody wants the answers to what there question was and the person I spoke to was extremely professional and gracious.
Nothing at all the rep was extremely helpful and answered all my questions.
The gentleman that helped me I believe his name was (unclear) was very good very professional and answered all my questions.
Everything was fine he did what I asked him he answered all my questions Sam did.
Donna was my rep and she answered all my questions very helpful and I enjoyed our visit.
Your young lady that helped me Dally was perfect answering all my questions.
He had a gracious manner he was able to answer my question directly and quickly.
She did my questions and I am very satisfied and will if I must.
Everything was answered and received all my answers in a very polite way.
Everything was handled in a very professional manner and your service rep Laya was very good and told me what I needed thank you.
I think the representative's English were not good enough to understand the subtleties that I was asking I had to speak very carefully and repeat myself in different ways for the concept to be understood by the person although their spoken English was excellent their comprehension was not great and there for the conversation was not as successful as it could be.
Sonjay answered all of my questions so I don't have any qualms at all she was very courteous very polite and respectful I appreciate that.
Really nothing the man I talked to answered all my questions.
I called back and a gentleman answered the question almost the way I was asking for an answer.
my questions were answered and my problem was solved and the lady was very nice.
Question was answered promptly courteously professionally.
I had a very lovely conversation with Maria and all of my questions were answered very quickly.
I got the answer to my questions and was reassured and I really don't have any suggestion.
I had my question answered and the girl was very nice.
I've had very good people that have always answered my questions in a very timely manner.
had any question without an answer she looked it up and was right there.
I mean she answered my question to the point and I mean I wouldn't change a thing.
your representative was pleasant answered my questions and offered me some advise.
Nothing everything was handled to my satisfaction and I got all my questions answered.
I spoke with a Kristin and she knew exactly every answer to every question that I have and she even connected me with Express Scripts for another question that I had.
I have no problems lady had answered my questions perfectly and with very much information and I had no trouble whatsoever she was very-.
I don't think there was anything else I need to hear so she answered my questions completely.
The answers to my questions were provided explicitly and the person taking the call was very helpful.
We had a customer service rep Janae was very helpful and answered all my questions.
I wasn't on hold for more than 1 minute and all my questions were answered thank you very much.
Hi this is Ethel Lindsay I spoke to Megan and Megan answered all of my questions and she asked me was there anything else that she could do for me.
I talked to Roberta she was very courteous she answered all my questions so I can't think of anything that you could done different thank you.
The gentleman George was actually very good and answered all my questions so there's nothing else he could have done.
Everyone was wonderful and helped with my questions here in our situation.
Alex the agent was exceptional in answering my questions and also my terminology at turning 65 thank you.
Everything was very good very clear everybody I spoke to before was very clear they know the job and resolved all the problems and they answer all of my questions thank you very much.
Jared in particular the representative that I spoke with today I have spoke with over the phone before and every time he has answered all my question with respect good care.
There was nothing wrong with the call I mean she answered questions that I didn't even know what options I had.
Josh did a wonderful job and answered every question we had and even went further than he needed to.
I have no complaints everybody has been so good about answering questions that I had thank you.
Nothing really everything went fine the person I talked to was very courteous and answered all my questions and got me on the right track thank you.
They were polite and answered questions nice and I would definitely call again if I had any questions.
I was having to answer questions that I've never had to ask before in reference to benefits and he went right down the line with me answered every question for me and he is one awesome representative.
Everything was he did a great job answered me all the questions that I asked.
And plus he asked me some more question that I needed to know so he did a great job.
I have nothing to offer Jeremy was extremely helpful and patient and answered all my questions.
I don't think anybody could have handled my questions any better than my agent her name was Tosha she was very very very helpful didn't seem to mind any question I gave her and gave me the answer that I was looking for thank you.
I was completely satisfied with the answers to the question that I had and I felt like I was treated with respect and dignity thank you.
The call was wonderful and (Unclear) that I called in (Unclear) county Florida was excellent she answered all my questions and she was very accommodating.
The gentleman that spoke I spoke with took care of all my concerns and answered my question.
The representative spoke a bit quickly but when I asked her to speak a little slower she did so and then the questions were easy to deal with.
He answered all of my questions in a clear and precise manner and he was really good I learned quite a bit I appreciate it thanks.
Kellen was exceptional and answered all my questions and I appreciate the level of customer service that he offered me.
All questions were answered and then she gave me some (unclear) information in regards to what I had asked so I was completely satisfied and I'm a very pleased customer of United Health and thank you.
Nothing I'm happy everything answered all my questions no problem.
When I call y'all you answer all the question that I had needed you to answer and you explained it clearly so that I can understand it.
Jennifer did an excellent job answered every question that I had.
The person who helped me was extremely nice and understood my question and answered my question and is looking into seeing that the questions is resolved.
I can't think of anything you could've done better for me Alicia asked the correct questions and quickly found the answer to my question.
I recommend her very highly and she understood the questions and was able to answer them all for me.
The gentleman took care of the question I had and everything.
And he did a very good job in answering my questions.
The representative was wonderful and answered all of my questions.
Resolved my issues quickly and professionally and that's all I can ask.
Nothing the call was great the man was very informative he answered all my questions and so put my mind at ease.
The representative was excellent handled all of my questions and I appreciate her time and her courtesy.
I had complete answers to my questions and I was very well pleased with the answers and the very friendly voice that helped me out.
My questions were answered promptly politely (unclear) and very efficiently.
My questions were answered in a timely fashion and I'm good to go.
Nothing Tiffany the claims representative was extremely helpful for about an hour and a half and she did some very difficult maneuvering to answer questions that weren't readily available.
Everything all the questions that I asked were answered very clearly and thoroughly and that's the best I could hope for.
Nothing better because all my questions were answered properly and I understood what went on.
You said one question and that was at least 3 questions but it went quick and he was very helpful.
My call and my questions were handled in a very professional courteous knowledgeable way and there really isn't much more that could have been done.
The representative I talked to was great and answered my questions to the satisfaction.
Every question was answered in a timely manner by Zack I guess.
I'm satisfied with all the questions you answered for me.
Joe who was the representative on the phone was outstanding answered my questions and explained things to me.
Everything I've asked you know the questions I had was answered and everything seems good.
I had a question that I asked her.
(Unclear) was a great help today in all my questions about the form I had received thank you.
Asked all the right questions took time it was wonderful.
Everything was fine they answer my question very promptly.
The customer service rep John did an excellent job and he has handled my all my questions and resolved my billing problems.
All my questions were answered very good and professionally and that's about all.
There is nothing (unclear) person answering my questions and did it in a respectful manner.
Actually Stella had one simple question and the gentleman answered it almost immediately there's nothing I can actually recommend for you to do.
He was able to answer my questions and he gave me very satisfactory answers and thanks for all the help.
the representative handled my call very well professionally and with accurate information.
And my my questions was answered very concisely.
The lady that I had did a terrific job of answering all of my questions.
I don't (unclear) anything else you could do because you answered all my questions and I was very pleased with the representative that talked to me.
I thought the questions I posed the lady on the phone or answered very well.
my query was really was answered fully to my satisfaction.
Dee I think she said her name was answered all my questions completely.
And he really didn't answer my questions to my satisfaction.
The representative was excellent he completely answered my questions.
She did a very good job in answering our questions and explaining everything to us.
Everything he answered all my questions very professional like and he was courteous.
I just spoke to a gentleman named Jason and he answered all my questions.
Maria the representative that attended me was wonderful and answered all of my questions wonderfully.
I think I had an excellent response to my question.
I have never had any problems with questions that I've asked your group and I'm very satisfied and I don't see any way to improve it.
You guys answered the phone in a timely manner and your representative (Unclear) was very helpful.
The call today was handled very professionally answered all my questions there's nothing that they could have done further.
The person I talked to Stephanie was very helpful and resolved all of my questions.
Everything answered to my satisfaction and in a timely manner.
All my questions were answered and I appreciate that very much.
Every time I've ever called and asked questions they've always been answered and I've been satisfied with it.
The question that I had seemed to me it was pretty straight forward.
You answered and took care of my questions and I'm very happy with the results.
The representative was very professional helpful answered all my questions and satisfied me thoroughly so.
Everything went well and they answer all your answers and are always very courteous.
I was helped with all my questions.
You satisfied my question and I was very pleased.
Everything was you know wonderful she answered every question I had and more.
But I think the person that talked with me answered all my questions very well.
The representative was just perfect in answering my questions.
You couldn't improved on the young man named Greg was great and answered all my questions.
I thank you I was very well satisfied with the question that I asked and I will follow up on the questions that I was asking the place that I was supposed to go to.
You did you done okay and the she answered all my questions and I found out the information I needed.
You handled the situation very nicely and gave me the answers that I needed.
Gave me the information I needed and answered all my questions so I think they're doing a real good job in answering questions and helping the customer.
I (unclear) every question I had was completed correctly thank you.
It was wonderful every time I've called someone has been so nice and answered all my questions and I do refer you to everybody I talk to.
I appreciate his professionalism and he answered (unclear) and directed us in the right direction.
I had a question it was answered immediately and I was helped every question I had was answered that was it thanks.
Actually she took care of my questions before I even asked them.
Michelle who was your agent took a long amount of time speaking with me and eased a lot of my concerns and my questions.
I enjoyed the what I asked the questions I got them answered so I don't think you could do nothing no better.
Everybody is always kind and answered my questions for me.
The representative was thorough and he explained the answer to my question.
Which I graded him very well on his questionnaire that you asked me to do OK.
Well I haven't got an answer to the question that I had for the young lady.
My question was answered in a timely manner and they explained well.
I had Jeremiah and he was very helpful and answered all my questions.
Miss Toya did a beautiful job explaining what the questions that I asked her.
There's the lady the representative was very helpful answered all my question.
I had a very good conversation with the person on the phone and they answered all of my questions and I was very satisfied.
No everything went well answered all my questions and we even got to talk about the different areas that we lived in so he answered my questions which is very important.
The gentleman that took care of my questions was very polite and gave me a lot of information.
Jerry handled my questions and made me feel very comfortable.
It took a little long to answer a fairly simple question while I was on hold.
And I appreciate the help and answered all my questions and that's really about it.
No I cannot think of anything that you could've done better Nicole was very helpful she answered all my questions and even offered information that I was not aware of.
I got answers and the gentleman was very nice so I have no complaints thank you.
I was completely satisfied with the representative she answered all my questions.
I think all the questions I asked her were answered very promptly and I was very satisfied with her service.
We are very satisfied with all of the answers and answers to questions that we have.
He was fantastic kind spoke English answered all my questions.
All my questions were answered and the information they gave me on some of the things is great.
Alan my representative was awesome he answered all my questions took care of every single need that I needed today.
There's nothing that he could've done better he explained everything and all our questions were answered and very friendly.
Michael's an excellent agent and he solved all that problems that I all my questions and problems.
The assistant who gave me an answer to my question was formidable.
The representative handled my questions very (unclear).
And he asked (unclear) I would have any (unclear) question was (unclear) polite and good about staying on the line with me 'til all my questions were (unclear).
Everything was done according to (unclear) the way the questions were asked and I never had any problem with questions when I call.
To have answered me the way the last person who had helped me.
He was a hundred percent on my questions and I'm completely satisfied and very pleased at how the phone call went.
I just had a question and they answered my question.
Absolutely nothing she was friendly she was helpful and she was willing to answer all my questions.
Actually I can't imagine Jill did everything she was diligent in finding the answers to my problems and questions.
Felicia was the customer service representative she took enormous amount of time to go through all of my questions answer all of my questions and do additional research as well as reach out to the bills that ambulance companies I've been charged by and she did a wonderful job.
Nothing the contact person was wonderful and gave me the answers I was looking for so thank you very much.
Everything was great she answered all my questions I understood everything that was said to me regarding my concern about my doctors appointment.
So I appreciate the lady her name was Phoenix and the help she gave me 'cause she answered some of the questions that specifically needed answered for myself.
The customer service representative Kimberly answered all of my questions and she was very well informed and there was nothing else that she could've done differently that would've made me any happier.
It was all answered exactly my question.
He was very professional he listened to what I had to say and he just answered all of my questions.
I was (unclear) got all my questions answered.
One thing it was the interest that was shown to my questions.
The person that helped me I believe her name was Shana was extremely helpful got the job done and answered all the questions that I needed to be answered and I appreciate that.
Trish was got my question answered right away.
All of my questions were answered promptly and efficiently so I appreciate the information they gave me.
Y'all satisfied my every question that I asked today and Miss Kylie she was great and I put her on a scale of 20.
She did an excellent job and asked me if I had any other questions.
My questions were all answered and Sylvia did a marvelous job.
All my questions was answered very nicely and correctly and professionally.
Everything was answered correctly and every question that I asked was answered so I don't think it could have been anything any better so I would definitely grade it a 10.
I just had a quick question and it was answered and I understood the answer so anyway thank you so much.
You've been more than helpful on all of my questions and on my health.
She was perfectly clear and took care of all my concerns.
But otherwise she did a great job answering all our questions.
She has a professional skill obviously to treat people with respect and patience and she answered all my questions.
You handled every issue I asked about with great communication.
Who was a customer service person and she helped me with all of my questions and I had no other questions to ask her so I was very pleased so keep up the good work.
That is the one question I had so but all in all excellent service from both the women I talked to.
I can't think of anything she answered all my questions and I was satisfied with the answers and everything.
The person I dealt with gave me excellent service and I did not have any problems answering all of my questions.
The agent who adequately responded to the question did an excellent service.
I adored how the Mrs Marta answered my questions.
Honestly I had a very qualified person that talked to me and she answered all my questions and I was very pleased.
The representative was very courteous and knowledgeable and took care of my question and this is the first time I called on this issue.
If you could find out who I should talk to please call me back at 6108888762 alright my name is Tom (unclear) and the person I talked to today a few seconds ago was very polite very well helpful very manner and answered all my questions quickly.
It took I couldn't have asked for anything my the lady I spoke with named Jasmine answered all of my questions and she was very courteous.
I appreciate their time and listening to me and getting things straightened out for me and answer any question that I had.
The young man I spoke to named Bradley was excellent and answered all the questions and concerns that I had and even brought up some that I hadn't thought about.
The questions I had asked were completely given me an answer which sounded very good and I think I'm all set.
this was a information finding phone call and all my questions were answered very professionally and courteously.
Absolutely nothing I just had a simple question and it was answered very efficiently.
My questions were all answered perfectly and I think I gave you guys some helpful information.
The one thing you could've done better is let me continue my conversation with the representative who was going above and beyond to get me an answer from a very unusual question.
satisfied with the answers that I got for my concerns and the questions.
Very knowledgeable and I had all my questions answered.
So I called again and I reached a very wonderful woman in the Philippines and she answered my questions and spoke very clearly to me.
Bart was absolutely wonderful and answered all of my questions and was most helpful on hopefully resolving future issues.
I was waited on very promptly and questions ask.
I received excellent advice and my problem was taken care of and I'm sorry but for your first question I pressed zero by mistake.
I was completely satisfied with all answers to my questions and taking care of my issues.
Joan was very helpful (unclear) got to the point and she answered my question.
answered everything I needed to know and everybody was so courteous.
Very short but she got straight to the point and answered my questions specifically.
There was nothing my questions were answered and I'm very satisfied.
I was completely satisfied with the answers and the response for my questions and I cannot.
The representative Amanda with whom I spoke didn't wasn't able to answer my question at first but she found the answer.
My questions were answered and I'm completely satisfied and I can't think anything other that you could have done differently.
Nothing the question was answered completely and I'm very satisfied with the answer thank you.
The wasn't really anything she was great and answered all my questions.
She was unable to give me an answer yes or no or maybe.
Nothing I got all the answers I needed very courteous and kind thank you.
Nothing every question I had was answered thoroughly and the person on the end was pleasant.
I was very pleased with Kimberly she answered all my questions and I'm very satisfied.
I don't have anything to add I feel like the representative researched everything that I asked and answered the questions to my satisfaction so I appreciate that very much.
Nancy was very helpful very professional answered all of the questions and guided me through what I was calling about.
She was very courteous responsible and gave me all the answers I need thank you.
Well I think you did it was very knowledgeable he solved all my questions.
Justin answered all my questions today he was very polite and there was nothing else I needed thank you bye.
Lanicka the representative that helped me was very knowledgeable and she did answer all of my questions.
Did a tremendous job answering and helping me and providing me with the questions I had.
my questions and wished me well and he was very polite.
All my questions were answered very well very clearly and concisely.
No my conversation was beautiful with the representative named Chris he was very patient and answered all my questions thank you.
My question was answered properly and professionally and I'm very happy.
There really isn't anything because every question that I had the young man answered it and he was very professional very polite very informative.
Didn't have to wait long not even a minute and he answered my question real courtesy and nice and that's why I told I want to take the survey.
The help from the agent was very helpful to me and she answered all my questions and so I think it was a good day thank you.
I don't really have any other questions and all my questions were answered so I was satisfied thank you okay.
Everybody answered my questions and there was nothing I could ask for more (unclear) really answered my questions.
The call was fine the lady was courteous and she helped me a lot she answered the questions and she told me exactly what I wanted to know so I appreciate her help and I thank you.
The person was able to answer all my questions and (unclear) everything that I needed thank you.
Everything was fine he answered my questions that I asked and everything was A okay.
I was very satisfied with the representative her name is Lavern and she answered my questions and she was very patient with me and I was happy with the response thank you.
Latoya was my customer service representative she did a great job she answered all my questions I couldn't have been more pleased.
Answered questions I had for years about something and it was such clarified by Miss Tanisha.
Well I'm the girl that I spoke to was very good and I think answered all my questions and hopefully this is the end of it.
Nothing I was totally satisfied you took care of my problem gave me the answers I needed for my questions and I'm very satisfied.
were in conversation with Rebecca she done an excellent job and she perused all of our questions and gave us.
Everything was absolutely perfect and the agent on the line answered every questions that I had I am a new member of UHC Medicare Solutions through Verizon and she answered the questions to my satisfaction thank you have a good day.
I really can't think of anything you could have done better the answer was very precise I didn't have a waiting time the lady helped me perfectly and answered all of my questions so I have no problems thank you.
The young lady that handled my call today was very courteous very helpful and answered expeditiously so nothing I can think of that you could have changed today thank you.
Everything was fine I had no problems whatsoever the girl answered every question I possibly had she was very helpful her name was Samantha.
The young man was excellent gave me good service and answered all of my questions.
Really nothing I had a simple question and the gal answered it efficiently and I'm happy.
I had several questions and your representative I think she said her name was something like Denato answered them all and was very pleasant and I'm glad she could address everything and give me directions what to do.
All my questions were answered I don't see anything else to be done the customer service filled me in pretty good.
We spoke to Aaron today with a series of many questions about (unclear) insurance and she was very helpful and gave us plenty of information she did very good thank you.
It was a simple question and I got the answer right away.
He did take care of my situation and answer my question.
The (unclear) I talked to she answered everything I could think of to ask.
I can't think of anything they could've done better they answered she answered all my questions for all me.
Nothing I'm completely satisfied the young lady was acknowledgeable and she done what I asked or answered my question.
Everything she did right she was very courteous and gave me all the answers I appreciate that thank you.
Nadia was very thorough and any question I asked she found the answer to.
There was you answered my questions and I was happy with everything that we did.
Really nothing (Unclear) was very helpful and answered all my questions.
Well the representative Jessica she answered my questions and we did what we have to do went through very smoothly.
You've answered all my questions completely so you did everything I needed and it was given to me promptly by the person I spoke with.
My problem was answered with courtesy and respect I couldn't ask for anything else.
He answered my question and I'm very pleased with the way he handled the call.
Went through all of my needs and took care of me in an excellent fashion.
This was absolutely an answer to all my questions and very professionally done.
Y'all were very nice polite answered my questions and gave me an answer and which I appreciate so much and it cleared everything up for me.
It was fast and it was accurate and answered all my questions.
Very professional and really relieved me of certain questions that I had with the.
You handled what I had a question about and I like talking to people so I got my answer and everything's fine now.
You guys are always courteous always answer my questions always knows the answer.
He helped me do questions that other people are answering and he called them personally.
She done a real good job of answering my question.
Your representative was very polite and knew exactly how to answer my questions.
