Tanisha answered it good.
She did her very best and I appreciate it.
She did an excellent job and I really appreciated how she handled everything.
Her name was Anita I think but I can honestly say I enjoyed talking to her.
She did great and Sheri I think is the girl I talked to today.
Nothing the customer service girl was just efficient and she just did everything wonderfully.
And she understood what I was talking about.
Elaine did a wonderful job and got my problems resolved very well.
The lady was real good everybody was knowing what they were doing.
She could've spoke a little louder.
She was fantastic so wanted to tell you that.
She resolved all of my issues and it was really nice to talk to her.
Suzy and she handled it beautifully.
She went over and above the call of duty to help me get this thing straightened out.
And I'm really thankful that she explained things to me.
she told me she couldn't understand anything he was saying.
She was a great rep and I just wanted to leave a little thumbs up for her.
She even suggested I could add something and it was perfect and hope to talk to her again.
Nadine like I said she said she was a supervisor.
She done great.
But she took so long doing a very simple thing.
She understood what I needed and she was awesome.
And she accommodated everything I needed.
And she walked me through everything I needed to do.
She got me the things and she did as good as she could.
She took care of me very well.
(unclear) Ms Barbara I think that's what she said her name was.
The lady Jan took care of me and it was absolutely gorgeous.
And she gave me everything that I needed to know about the cardio rehabilitation.
She was a blessing to anybody to have as an employee.
But I want to say that Michaela specifically was fabulous so that you don't have to change.
She went above and beyond her call of duty to help me and I really appreciate it and kudos to her.
So but she will be getting back with me which I appreciate.
between her and I and my papers in front of me we both figured it out and it finally made sense.
But when it was first asked she said no there wasn't.
Although sometimes it does become confusing to me but she did a good job.
She gave me all that I needed to know.
She wasn't able to get my situation completely remedied yet because she had to talk to the.
Melissa was the associate I had and she went out of her way and did exactly what I had to have done.
knew exactly what she was doing.
She went not only (unclear) so she went hundreds of miles she just solved all the problems that I didn't know that I have (unclear) have.
And Hope really knowledgeable on what she was doing.
But the second time I called she said yes.
I think she deserves all the rewards necessary to make her even much better.
She I think her name was (unclear) something like that.
And I could understand what she had to say.
But Sarah stayed on the line to find out why not and it was just that they were not able to do it.
Lola did a wonderful job and I appreciated her assistance.
Jenae J did an absolutely outstanding above and beyond the call of duty job and she really settled the issues with my call.
Oh she did the best she could and she got she did very well.
She gave me everything that I needed.
Today the lady did such a wonderful professional job there was nothing left better for her to do.
She was fantastic person to talk to on the phone.
I dealt with her with my husband when he was ill and she's as genuine then as she is today.
But she was very helpful and we just ran out of time and found out that this one across the street is out of the question.
She explained to me everything and I appreciate that.
She really knew her job.
Cassandra was taking care of me and she did a wonderful job.
But I wrote it down just incase and I don't know of anything she could've done differently.
She was pretty thorough holding it the ones that I talked to before.
She was (unclear) she made my day.
And I don't see that she could've helped me any better than she did.
She didn't sound like she really knew what she's talking about.
she was really nice and I couldn't ask for a better response.
Miss Britney handled my problem with ease and I'm completely satisfied with my call.
I appreciated every all the time that she spent with us.
She done real good for me.
Your the gal that waited on me was clearly perfect in everything she did.
She got me out of my dilemma very quickly.
She went above and beyond in this conversation and I appreciate that very much and that's about it.
She talked slow enough that a senior could hear everything that she said.
And she really was good with me.
She went I feel above and beyond her job so that's all I have to say about that.
Debbie was very good at taking care of my needs and did it expeditiously.
I think it's her first day and she was exceptional.
And I could tell she really took her time.
She's wonderful and she walked me through everything.
Trina did a great job in taking care of my issue.
Well I was on hold for a long time but she was making a phone call.
she did everything that she could to help me.
She told me what I needed to do.
She made sure everything was taken care of and she did a great job.
She did explain it to me.
I had to ask for repeating but she did so and was.
She did what she was supposed to do and then she checked him up it said yes Stuart Landar was still in the system.
She found out that they don't help me because I live in Ferris County.
We got the problem resolved and I appreciated her time and her effort so much.
She did an excellent job and the reason I pressed on the nines was because I was told that when you press on the ten that sometimes it only shows the zero but she should have tens all the way through.
The one thing that could've been done better was if the time to process the forms and all the information that she did but Miss Carina did a great job.
she explained the plan very clearly to me.
Like I couldn't understand what she was trying to say.
The representative knows her job does her job very well.
She pretty well explained it.
She took care of everything and all my needs.
However the problem that I have is not with Tammy nor her performance 'cause I think she did excellent during the call.
She did everything that I asked her to do.
And she even said she'd pray for me tonight.
She did everything that I asked and so there's nothing really she could've done better.
She solved all my issues and I really did appreciate it.
She knew exactly what I was talking about.
She looked it up and found it for me.
Gave me everything I needed and she was a joy to talk to.
The gal handled it very nicely.
I think everything she said was great so she did a good job.
She knew exactly what she was doing.
She did great she gave she took her time and she fixed the problem.
talked to me she was fantastic.
She did everything she could possibly do and she gave me information I needed.
And give her a raise 'cause she was wonderful.
She was (unclear) down to what I needed exactly.
The girl that handled my phone call did a great job.
She did what I asked.
The representative did everything in her power and did covered everything and did a wonderful job.
It was giving her problems but she was great.
She did what I needed her to do.
She did a good job and she did it quickly.
Wanda was great and she did get me what I needed.
She (unclear) everything and talked to me.
I enjoyed talking to her and she was super.
haven't talked to anyone else but she was wonderful.
I was completely satisfied and I don't believe she could've done any better.
I'm completely satisfied with manner she showed (unclear) answered my question well.
The computer was slow and she was having difficulty maneuvering around in it to get the information that I needed but she did her part.
I'm confident she got it as fast as she knew how to do and as fast as it was available to her but maybe making it a little bit more available to her would be better.
She just asked how the weather was and she introduced herself and that was it.
while the lady was working with me was finished.
He did talk to my husband too.
I've called them before and I've always had a great experience with them.
Talked a little fast but I got most of what she said.
But she was very helpful with what I did ask her.
The representative Miss Colleen was very patient in explaining everything that I needed to know.
She's a nice lady and she knows how to deal with people.
Gaylynn explained everything.
She was very helpful and I learned things that I did not know before.
She has a lovely accent and she spent an inordinate amount of time with me and vendors trying to rectify the problem that I've been trying to resolve since Monday.
She did a good job explaining things.
I can just say she was fabulous and terrific.
But she did try her best to help me.
She explained a lot to me.
She took pains to explain things for me and she was in her.
I wish I could talk to her every time.
The lady had a good enunciation and I could understand what she was saying.
And she reached out and solved some problems for me.
And I know Ashley was try to do everything she could on her end but unfortunately the numbers she was dialing were always busy a busy line.
So I hope she is leaving me a message for later.
Though I didn't get the manager's name but she was awesome.
There was too much talking behind the girl that was doing business with me and I could not understand what she was saying.
And so it took awhile to get where I needed to go but Ann Marie was great.
You've done great.
Everything was wonderful and Emily she took care of me today.
She and other advocates worked on my problem and they are working on it and they were just awesome.
The girl she treat me right and everything is okay.
She was knowledgeable and she's helped to solve my issue that I called about.
She did an amazing job in looking at insurance purposes what I was entitled to.
She was superb at what she did and how she handled the situation but and also I don't know what it is but there's a sound quality that is not good.
And she now only recently has joined the club but we are both totally satisfied with this you.
The lady helped me and I've called a couple times on this and each time I've got a little closer.
Nicole took care of everything very quickly and I'm happy.
I've been with the company for many years and I've found that they have always done a good job.
She yawned she sniffled it's jut so.
Actually she took or she handled everything I need to know.
Her name was Robin and I really enjoyed talking to her.
Actually she covered everything that I needed to know today.
The lady took care of everything I wanted and did it in a timely fashion she was so courteous.
She had a lot of patience with me 'cause I'm older.
I think she may have been speaking a little too fast other than that she was very delightful.
You've done good.
She did whatever she could (unclear) did a good job.
She did a good job and I recommend her highly.
And the conversation was great and she did help me.
She got the job done and I'm extremely satisfied.
She went out of her way and looked more and solved what I needed.
She handled everything and offered to do some other things that made it easier for me.
She did a good job explaining everything and I appreciated her help.
And she went out of her way to help me.
She came back when she said she was going to and it was you know as pleasant as one of these experiences could be.
She didn't have the answer and she worked real hard to find it.
This call the lady she was perfect in her answer.
There's nothing that she could've done better than what she did for me.
But she didn't know anything and she should've transferred me to somebody who did.
I'm not sure what she said her name was though.
She was good help you know a few minutes.
And she just talked me through everything.
But I don't think she knew what she was talking about.
I was reading and she explained it to me nicely.
And she went above and beyond being super nice.
But when she kept me on hold I feel that she kept me on hold a little bit too long.
But she tried her best but she said she didn't see him listed.
She didn't know what I was asking about.
And if the woman Rhonda did not do anything she was probably in a daydream or she was never trained by you.
She listened to me.
The young lady handled everything perfectly.
She gave me what I wanted.
She handled our the call very well.
So the girl was very good in explaining that portion to me.
she walked me through every bit of it and as a matter of fact she (unclear) for me.
She (unclear) patience and I really liked (unclear).
Absolutely nothing Beth was excellent in her handling of this situation.
She was wonderful and we just got the lot of the stuff that goes along with my problem and I'm very pleased.
Told me I did need to talk to me daughter about.
Unfortunately I don't remember her name but she was a delight.
She did just fine I had no trouble at all.
Nancy took care of me and was just out of this world.
She knew what she was saying.
She was the best of the best the cream of the crop she went above and beyond.
You've always fulfilled my needs.
She handled the problem very well.
She went out of her way to call and make sure that I got (unclear).
There was nothing that Jasmine could have done better than what she did.
She did everything I needed done for me and I really appreciate it.
Carla took very good care of me.
she did excellent.
It was perfect and it took me very short time and she took care of everything I needed.
She covered everything in total detail and I appreciate it that she did it in such well orchestrated details that she talked to me about.
Everything that needed to be talked about and I appreciate the way she done it.
The gal I talked to did a super job.
She was wonderful and I can't think of a thing.
She needs a lot of praise it was a very difficult claim that she had to take apart.
She was very complete and talked with me and I'm she's gonna I'm asking for a padlock.
She talked with me.
She pretty much knew what had happened.
You've always been very good in regards to helping me with everything that I need.
I have nothing at all to say that she needs to on improvement because she was great.
And she gave me so much help.
So I want to say she was fantastic.
So I talked to Miss Tuesday and it was very fine.
And she done a fantastic job with a problem that's been going on for quite a while.
So she did a great job and if 4 is as high as you go she deserves a 10.
Tamara compassionate as was the person before that I had earlier.
She did some research and she looked up.
She really explained things to me and she helped me out.
She took care of my situation and I appreciate her time.
She was Alexis was great she went over and beyond her duty and I really appreciated her.
We actually have the same birthday and she brought that up that made me happy.
Hannah the representative I talked to did a wonderful job.
She really went out of her way and she just did a fabulous job.
And I told her I was going to tell you that to.
She was very nice and come to find out she lives in South Carolina too.
And did everything you know that I asked her to do.
But this young representative she did a fine job.
She done good for me and everything.
And Gladys was spot on with her customer service.
And you know she did give me very good information.
And I thoroughly appreciate her going out of her way to make sure I was all set up.
She doesn't understand very well.
The rep Veronica is still working on this.
And Erica waited on me and she was superb.
She was expedient about my question.
But she did a great job with the information she had.
she explained things real good to me in a way where I could understand it.
The young lady Peggy did an excellent job and there was nothing that she could've done that she didn't do.
She and I share something in common.
And she went beyond and tried to find the another person that had spoken to the person she couldn't get.
But she said she would make a phone call tomorrow and get see what satisfaction she could get from that.
She spoke clearly.
'Cause the young lady who took care of me did very well.
Took the initiative herself to be helpful to me so I really appreciate it.
She went out of her way to look things up for me she did great.
The gal handled it very well.
But the lady today she did a good job.
She told me exactly what I needed to know and put my mind at ease.
But Misty said she would take care of this for me.
The person has a lot of patience and she did everything perfect.
She took care of everything and she was friendly and to do a little bit of extra work for me and I just.
She knew what she was doing.
She was able to resolve hopefully hopefully was able to resolve my situation.
I talked to Jennifer and she did a wonderful job.
You've done good.
She took her time and I enjoyed talking to her.
She did a very good job in finding some doctors for me.
So I just spoke to the lady so that's alright.
She did everything that I needed her to do.
So Christy was wonderful she looked up two names for me.
Everything was fine she did a good job.
Felicia went above and beyond when she needed to help me out today.
She went over and beyond what she needed to do.
She walked everything through for me.
Tracy solved it very well.
She completed everything that I needed to be done.
She was wonderful and she answered everything and she solved every problem.
I mean she did a good job.
she gave me excellent help.
It took quite a while to do it but I was very satisfied how she handled the issue.
She done the best she could do.
Miss Tracy I just talked with is absolutely she is the top of the chart.
This a lady that not only just has a job she has feeling and heart and she works hard to get the person everything that they need.
She is a blessing and absolutely is just the she is there's nothing like her.
She did everything and made every effort and she showed the love that she had for the human man.
So she really did a fantastic job.
Rose gave me excellent help.
Now this girl Justine Courtney and especially Wendy a nurse supervisor who really got me.
Chelsea was absolutely perfect in her treatment of my question.
She was speaking and right in the middle of her sentence we just got cut off.
She completely explained everything to me.
She explained it to me you know.
She did a very good job on everything I needed to know.
So I'm satisfied I talked to her and I'll see what I can do from there on.
She understood my issue and took care of it and I was very pleased.
You've been doing real good.
She went way out of the normal range and really worked hard on that.
Rebecca was who helped me and she was awesome and I can't think of a single thing to improve upon it.
And she cleared up the problem very quickly and I appreciate that.
Again that's Alura in the Philippines and she also speak really clearly.
She spoke as if I didn't I did not know she was in the Philippines so she told me.
I'm satisfied with what I asked her and she took care of for me.
She really treated me wonderful and gave me the direction that I needed.
I was able to understand what she was saying.
But she calmed all my fears that I had.
She too care of me she listened to me.
I spoke with Jessica and she was fantastic above and beyond.
It was a lovely patient representative and she could not have done anything better.
She goes above and beyond she was awesome.
Not a thing Simone was the help and she was wonderful.
She was very good with the information that she did give me.
Not a thing 'cause she answered everything right quick and in a hurry.
Tory was very knowledgeable and she took care of my issue as if it was a claim that she was satisfying for herself.
So I wanted to leave her name as a very positive experience.
She went above and beyond the call of duty offering to make phone calls and do all of that so I don't see how she could have improved.
She acted like she knew nothing about it and she just wasn't any help at all.
She is going to try and get back to me to resolve the situation and hopefully she can do that.
She was so helpful she could've have done anything more.
She took care of everything I needed.
Her English was not all that great but I understood her okay and we had the problem resolved.
She was one of the most pleasant representatives that I've spoken to in a long time and I give her a twenty.
So she did her best and I really do appreciate that.
The previous call I made Sheila answered it and Sheila was totally useless in terms of communication.
She looked things up.
She was having trouble with the computer and she we were on there for a while which didn't bother me.
And she took her time explaining things to me.
And she also offered me other things so.
She spent so much time helping me and that was absolutely wonderful and she cares.
So we had accomplished everything and she wanted to know if she could help me out with some more.
I understood what she was telling me.
She looked it all up for me.
You've done everything I needed to know.
She did a great job telling me what I needed.
I think that I spoke with Sasha today and she covered everything just wonderfully.
She had it quickly and I just want to say she's doing a great job.
Nicky was a prime example of great customer service that she gave me today.
The girl's name was Michelle and she handled my question very well.
It was she was just you know did everything exactly right.
You can tell she's very diligent about her job and she knows it very well.
Susan was great went out of her way and called places for me.
They were closed but you know she called them and gave me.
The representative handled herself extremely well and explained a very very difficult program to me.
She was kind courteous and she deserves a ten if you have that.
Being that I'm sure English wasn't her first language everything else was perfect though it was very difficult to understand her.
She listened carefully to what I was asking and she she checked on everything and just did a super job.
She went over the top with help so she did very good.
She really went out of her way to follow up on a couple things and get back to me.
Her name is Stephanie and she's not doing well because she has this stomach ulcer.
She answered and went over things that I wasn't even aware that I needed to ask.
The lady that helped me was wonderful as was anything I asked her.
She didn't seem real knowledgeable on the issue that I confronted her with.
Kara did a fantastic job on helping me update our records so we're in the passport.
She was better after I asked her to slow down a little bit though.
Marion was so sweet and stayed with me until the problem was solved.
She did what she needed to do and I was satisfied.
It was young lady that handled it did a real good job.
She did everything just fine and really made my day.
And she met you know my needs and everything.
She handled it with courtesy and completeness.
She was she handled all my handled my crisis.
And she was eager to help me.
The young lady was excellent and I don't think you could have done anything better.
She made an effort to make me feel comfortable.
I so appreciated everything she did for me.
And it she was able to tell me what I needed to know.
Knew what she was talking about.
She was very interested in everything that I had to asked her about.
But she was kind of lacking in what she about the calls to my doctor.
The girl who took care of me is absolutely great.
Natalie did a wonderful.
She took care of everything for us and we really appreciate it.
And she actually got on the line and helped me take care of that so.
She just spoke a little bit too fast for me.
I mean she took her time did what was needed to be done and made sure that what the information was correct.
She took care of all my business and then the other woman her name was Sunshine or Sunny.
I think I've even spoken to her before.
And she got (unclear) you know but she says that wasn't good enough and UHC.
And got another girl and she has handled what I needed.
The lady's name was Francine and she was a very excellent person to answer the question with the clarity and (unclear).
So she was great and she resolved my problems.
Very good customer service served by the young lady (unclear) Miss Tomeka.
You know she made the extra effort and I appreciate that.
She did everything that I needed to know about.
And she just lost her grandmother.
And when I couldn't she was happy to repeat her comment.
When she said them dental benefits she (unclear) down word by word and said it in a loving way.
Her smile matches her personality.
The girl tried very hard to solve it.
Crystal did a wonderful job at explaining it and I understand it completely.
She never had to put me on hold I was very impressed with her.
I rate her a thousand because she knew exactly what I needed and she's just awesome.
She knew what she was talking about.
but she was quick to realize that there was a problem thank you.
Nothing she covered everything I wanted her to cover and she does a very good job of doing that.
And I got to say that she is excellent.
She was very informative and I don't have anything to say about doing it better.
She checked everything for me and everything turned out good so she made my day.
I think that she gave me world class service.
And everything just seemed to go fine and I enjoyed having her give me that information.
She actually went over and above what I anticipated.
Today I talked to Sophia and she seemed to get it resolved.
So she didn't know what I was talking about.
She took care of me immediately.
Pamela did everything she could to help me.
I'll tell you Amber was deliciously delightful.
She took care of everything I needed she was great.
But she went way beyond the call of duty in helping me and I really appreciated it.
She did a lot for me today.
Everything I needed to know she told me.
The customer service rep did an excellent job however she had some difficulty.
Sandra McCormick needs to be a pat on the back because she is amazing.
My agent knew what she was doing and was capable of helping me.
I was helped today by Keisha and there wasn't anything she could have done better.
She had it all down and she said now just a minute I'll look something else up.
And I was able to do she was able to do the things that I have asked her to do.
And she solved the problem I appreciate it so much.
Everything was done just right when I called the little girl so I had no complaints.
She was concerned with my health and I really appreciate that.
I don't know how hard it has to be before she could realize how to do this.
And she did all she could do to help me.
She did a great job and I enjoyed.
She explained everything to me so I'm happy.
She is comforting and she's great and we're going to talk on Monday because we.
The girl knew her job and she handled my situation very well.
And so I tried and tried and this young lady Candice from Arizona did her best too to help me.
She explained it well to me.
She did tell me Robert Nailer at Sears.
She got all the work which just she had to do a little checking back but she did it all fine quickly and it was all satisfactory.
The lady answered my questions and I'm good to go so I'm a happy camper.
I think she did a good job.
She did everything she could and I was very satisfied.
Like the agent that I spoke to on Friday which was Angel who went out of her way to look at history to do.
Actually the young lady took very good care of me.
She knows everything about what needs to be done and solved my problem fast and efficient and very she's a very good representative.
She did a job that I thought was top of the line.
Can't spell her name correctly but anyhow that's the lady who helped me.
Yet the young lady tried her best to correct it and there was no way she could do it.
She was perfect at what I needed.
And Regina was the name of the person who helped me and she took her time and did it complete.
She was trying to help me out and somehow we got disconnected.
But she's been very helpful and she is supposed to call me back.
I talked to Carrie and she took some.
She took care of what I called in for and I don't think there's nothing else she could've done.
Damaris came on the phone she had a wonderful voice.
She spoke clearly.
I understood everything she was saying.
And she took care of the whole thing and I couldn't be more pleased.
But she explained everything carefully to me.
She had the communication where it was clearly for me to understand.
I think that Anna attempted to do everything within her means and ability.
Because she did everything I needed her to do.
The girl that waited on me done it perfect.
she did her work excellent.
She was excellent if there's anyway that you can give her the top rating for her performance.
She did everything she could to help me and she was excellent.
That lady was very nice and she couldn't have done anything else to make it better.
The young lady told me that once it went in there was no way it could be changed but she said that she.
Nothing she was very good and she took care of the question that I had.
Yolanda took care of me and it was a very satisfying phone call.
Danielle was the representative that I spoke to and she did everything perfectly well.
She was real sweet and she helped me out and everything and got what I needed.
And it was a real pleasure dealing with her and speaking with her.
And she was seems like she's typical of all of your representatives.
Carol was absolutely the finest professional I've ever talked to on the phone dealing with anything.
She treated me with the utmost respect and anytime I ever have an issue I'd love to talk back at her.
And I really enjoyed talking to that lady and that's about it.
I had an associate that really knew what she was doing.
But she was not informed at all.
She spelled everything out for me if I did not understand.
And I've called before and I always get good help.
Her name's Naku and she did an excellent job of trying to assist me.
So she was just fulfilled everything.
Magat Sheva was the representative who took care of me.
And I enjoyed talking to her especially about the weather because we're having some beautiful weather here in Savannah.
The nice lady did everything she possibly could and went beyond everything and it was.
She did everything that was in her power to help me.
She had to do a lot of things and by her knowing what to do everything seemed to get fixed.
So again her name was Alyssa and she was one of the better representative's that I've talked to.
There was nothing better to do 'cause she took care of everything.
She did whatever she had to do.
The lady was very helpful but the place we needed to call just closed at 5:00.
She actually changed how I felt and I mean it was a huge.
So I think that she did everything she could do at this point in time.
She was excellent she was knowledgeable so I don't have any problems there.
She did explain things to me but I.
She was excellent and took a load off our minds.
She said she was the only Sandra there.
She went out of her way to help me.
She done you know she done everything she could and she got the problem I had solved.
She explained a lot of things and got a lot of things done and taken care of.
She did everything that she could possibly do which was very good.
Shawn was who helped me and he did a great job.
And I really liked her voice and her attitude.
She was excellent so you should give her a raise.
It just took her a long time to look up what I was looking for.
She didn't seem to understand that I was looking for.
Nothing my call went perfect and she took care of my problem.
Yvonne was the person I talked to and she went above and beyond the call of duty.
I couldn't explain it to her but she explained everything so I understood it.
She was perfect and she took care of me.
Heidi took care of me today and did an absolutely wonderful job.
If she just stayed on and explained it to me I'd appreciated it more.
Lady told me everything I needed to know.
The lady is going out on a limb and helping us as well as she can.
The girl was very professional and she did everything right but I don't understand that I didn't get a bill.
She did a fantastic job and I would just say that well if she keeps doing the same thing she will be fine.
She helped me with what I needed and I appreciate her so much.
She was absolutely personable knowledgeable friendly efficient and I truly feel that she probably has now set this issue on the right track.
She deserves a raise or something because she is just absolutely brilliant.
What she didn't know she told me she didn't know and she could refer me to another department.
She did an excellent job of explaining things and helping me out today.
She knows her job very well and I'm very thankful that I was able to speak to someone like that.
Nothing to complain and Valentina gave me a good service.
She handled things perfectly and it's easy to understand and resolved the issue completely.
Very professional and she completed what I needed to know.
It was very difficult to understand the young lady that was trying to help me.
She tried very hard but she has a language issue that could not enable her to speak.
Went out of her way and spent so much time to get everything figured out for me.
She did whatever I was asking for for the time being.
She was articulate as if she was next door and I could hear her and understand her completely.
Dashelle's must have been with the headset and the headset spoke as if she was talking into one of those old fashioned school (unclear).
Stacey was excellent in communicating with all parties and helping me get it resolved.
She was nice but she really didn't understand what I had told her from the beginning.
She was a woman with a purpose and with a focus to get things done and did a beautiful job.
The girl was pleasant and she took care of my problem with no problems at all.
And she made me feel better.
She cared for us.
She introduced us to other departments and resources that can help and I'm just so elated with everything she did.
Sharon was her name (unclear) she did well.
She did marvelous telling me everything.
So I explained it to her and she (unclear).
I had Sherry and she was fabulous as is most of your people.
It was on my end there was a problem but she was fantastic.
She explained everything and I'm very.
But she did everything that she could do with a number ten.
She treated me real nice.
She was completely up front with me.
Again her name was Passion and she did everything I needed correctly.
I've talked to Mary before and to catch her today she made my day.
She just was confused of the type of X-ray that I was having done.
She was patient with me.
She explained some things to me that I did not know so she did (unclear).
I thought Sara was unbelievable and great.
Linda handled everything professionally.
And like I said like the other two representatives but Nancy really went out of her way.
The lady Ivy took care of it very good.
She knew what she was doing.
She understood everything and she explained it well.
She wanted to take care of all our problems before she was finished and she did.
young lady named Meah located I guess in Georgia was very good.
She probably should be a a manager she was efficient professional everything you'd want got it done in 3 minutes.
Everything was fine she did a good job.
She explained everything to me.
She helped to the best of her abilities and I greatly appreciate that in a customer service representative.
Yolanda talked to me today did a wonderful job.
She was easy to understand and explained it to me.
She explained everything in depth and did an excellent job.
Angela M was my server and she did an excellent job.
And she was not going to let me go until she could help me.
The lady I dealt with did a great job.
As nice as she could be.
I wanted to make sure that she got as high as she could get.
She was so nice and y'all should keep her on as long as she want to.
She calmed me down.
She did everything that she could do to help me.
The gal that helped me last time did a good job but she changed the insurance.
She went beyond trying to resolve my situation and I really do appreciate it.
She worked and worked and I appreciate what she done.
The lady Kristen was just wonderful and I did my when I did my passport.
She gave me information and it that was it was an excellent person.
She knew what she was doing and how to do it.
They did everything perfectly and they were a great support and their names are Alexis and Tiffany.
She went out of her way to help me.
The woman was patient with my not able to express able clearly.
She kept (unclear) she was patient.
But the girl today handled everything great for me I got the payment paid.
She (unclear) pleasant nice and she explained everything I needed to know and that was it.
She took care of it completely made me feel great.
She had patience she was willing to do the research.
She knew it was my birthday.
Her voice was real crackly and it might have been my phone that's all.
She took care of everything that I wanted to know today so there's nothing else that she could have done.
She did everything she could to help me and I thank her for it.
Valentina was excellent and she helped me beyond what I needed.
She gave me my numbers I needed so she did a great job.
She did whatever she needed to do.
Because I had so many problems to talk about and she is just wonderful.
Not one thing she took care of everything she did a great job.
And I got everything I needed done through Ms Tameka.
She did everything she needed to do to help me and I appreciated her kind.
The lady I spoke with did an excellent job.
She explained everything that I needed to know.
Jaclyn was quite complete in her helping me.
She hung up on me once today already.
She helped me out really good and I appreciate her help.
The young lady that we talked to did an excellent job.
And she made me feel better and I think she's a wonderful employee.
She was wonderful there's nothing that she could've done better.
She really knows her business here and she's so polite.
I believe Mary helped me the best that she could.
I enjoyed talking with Charlotte and appreciated her help.
She tried as hard as she could to help me but she couldn't I had to do a new password.
Christine and Deanna and Joanna they are awesome.
I feel the girl that I talked to went above and beyond helping me to figure this all out.
Her name was Linda and I was on the phone with her at 1:45 PM.
The lady handled it to the best of her abilities.
The lady that waited on me done an excellent job.
Everythign was so wonderful and I give this lady a 10 Miss Leslie.
She really did work with me and she was like my mommy even though I'm older than her.
She worked with me and I am so satisfied.
She did what she could.
spoke very softly so she needs to be louder.
She could've not done anything any better than what she did and I wished I could give her a 15 instead of a 10.
She did an excellent job and I would give her a ten all way around.
She got right to the point about what I was looking for.
But she cared very much about me.
I had a difficult time understanding her at times because she talked quickly.
She was very polite kind she explained anything to me in my policy.
Because she talked so fast.
She was very patient with me and I just hope everything turns out.
I spoke to the last one and I was it she was a number ten.
She done all that I think she could do.
And she was able to straighten out the situation I had.
she talked very nicely and explained to me everything.
She was explained everything very thoroughly and I enjoyed talking to her.
And was sure I was satisfied before she hung up.
The representative was very aware of my problem and she took care of it very efficiently.
(Unclear) was wonderful at her job.
The lady that assisted me did a very good job.
She got everything settled for me.
Amber handled the call very well.
Friendly professional knew exactly what she was doing.
You've always been there for me and always stood by me.
She was doing nothing wrong.
Christina went above and beyond what I expected and (unclear).
And she had a lot of patience and I appreciate that a lot.
She was so nice that she took all in for me.
Was very efficient and she handled everything I needed to do.
And Debra just was so thorough in double checking.
So I hope that Debra gets the recognition that she deserves.
I talked to Lagretta in Georgia and she cleared it all up and it was great.
It seemed like it took quite a while to get the information she needed.
Nancy did all that I expected her to do.
She Charlene was terrific and I can't think of a thing that I would want to do better.
Everything was taken care of and Sarah did a great job.
However again it is the wait time but overall she did a great job.
I think the woman did the best that she could with the information that she had available.
She made me feel comfortable.
She made me feel more secure in using the plan and showed me and taught me.
Nikita stuck with me she had patience with me.
She couldn't reach the point I needed to go but she showed me the way to get there.
She excelled in everything she told me and I wish everybody was like her.
There really wasn't anything she gave me the answer that I needed.
She told me something different.
The young lady that helped me was excellent and I can't think of anything that could've been done better.
She explained everything to me.
And Megan took good care of me okay.
Delia did a great job explaining everything to me.
I've always had good luck when I call and talk to y'all.
But she tried her darnedest and she spent a lot of time with me.
She did everything that I asked her to do she did everything.
she did a great job to help me so I have no complaints.
She didn't have all the information she needed to totally answer it but she tried her best.
She was very determined to get my statement you know go over it with me.
She was able to solve my problem in the most (unclear) and a professional way.
So she was terrific very good I give her a 12.
The girl did exactly what she had to do.
And then she did it with the most personable competent way.
I had one with a girl in Florida and she really didn't do what she was supposed to.
She took her time and fixed things at length to give me the right answers and I wish that more people would be behave like that.
She worked hard for me and I appreciate it.
She did all of the need I asked her for.
I appreciated her taking time to speak with me.
She solved the issues I had she helped me and she was great.
I could understand everything she said.
The representative was Charlotte who's in Florida and she did a great job.
She helped me all she could with the situation that we had and she is going to continue to do that follow up on it.
And this woman helped me today she told me how much it would be and everything.
she really did go over everything with me.
The young lady did a good job as far as everything.
I she solved my problem and I was perfectly fine with it.
She was so kind patient understanding and explained everything to me.
She knew what she was doing.
There was nothing that Samantha could've handled any better than she did.
She gave it to me but I don't remember it.
She did an excellent job of explaining my situation and what I needed to know.
The woman who helped me did her job and there was nothing else she could've done.
She got me and everything that I needed to do.
She knew what she was talking about.
I appreciate all that she did for me in handling my call.
She did what I needed her to do.
You've done great.
She took care of it and I was just so pleased.
She tried to do her best and she did try to be helpful but it was difficult to understand at times.
But the lady finally got it for me and I was glad.
Veronica was fantastic in terms of helping me through the issues.
She was a wonder woman and I think this woman should just be praised for what she did.
Actually she did a great job on the call.
Robyn was exceptional and she couldn't have done anything better.
She did a lot for me.
Other than that she did a wonderful job.
She found referrals for me that I was looking for and just keep up the good work.
I think she told me everything I wanted to know.
Amina and Frank were a hundred percent helpful in fixing my problem.
she knew what she was talking about.
Her name was Sheree and I really enjoyed the conversation and she cleared everything up in a hurry.
She took time out and was patient.
The little girl's name was Sonya and she was great at helping me.
She broke it down and she made it sound simple.
I think Sandra took care of every thing that I needed.
And I really appreciated her taking so much time with me.
Regina says it all in my opinion.
And she kept saying oh it's slow I apologize.
Theresa really handled all my problems with excellence.
And she explained things in such a way that I could understand them.
She went beyond what she needed to do in explaining it.
But I got my papers out like she was doing or something and I figured it out.
And that was exactly what I hoped would happen and she did it in a friendly fashion and promptly so thumbs up on this one.
She was great she gave she checked out all the information that was needed and it's good.
She made me feel like there was nobody else but me.
I understood everything she said especially when she repeated it.
But if she would be very clear about her distinct pronunciation that that would help.
I especially liked the young lady that waited on me or served me.
The little lady that helped me went above and beyond in making sure that I understood these new charges and the new plan that she is on.
She was absolutely great and answered everything and went above and beyond what she needed to do.
She assisted me in every manner that I needed and I appreciate her help.
She did a wonderful job and she was very pleasant during kind of a trying time as we're switching over to Medicare.
She was very good and (unclear) to follow up and see if the information had gotten (unclear).
Understanding did as much as she possibly could for me I have no complaints from her about her.
She took the time and there was a lot of time involved and took care of my issues to perfection.
The woman named Christine helped today and she did a great job.
When I finally got the operator she was fantastic.
But when I finally got the operator she was wonderful.
(unclear) I just kept as she took her time.
and she was did an excellent job.
Lacey did everything that I needed her to do.
Plus she went out of her way to help me and I appreciate that.
On 5/23 she is called back as directed because I was not here yesterday.
So she won't have any luck but my message about her is she's very good at her work.
Everything was perfect and I talked to Tracy and she did a fantastic job explaining exactly what was happening.
She put me in the wrong slot so but today was a perfect so thank you.
She went above and beyond what I expected to help me resolve my problem.
She was excellent and helped me more with more things then I had planned on.
She called up it's they're it was excellent.
The young lady named Jean could not have improved on it anymore than she had done on her own.
She went beyond what she what I needed.
The young lady did everything she could possibly do for us and we really appreciate her help.
She did (unclear) did a lot of things for me.
It was just the situation and she explained it to me very well.
And she helped me considerably and found out that there were things taken care of.
She totally fulfilled my request.
The young girl was very good but she did talk a little on the fast side but she could have just slowed it down a little.
Maybe it's because I'm a little older but she was just a little fast.
But that lady Ms Haley needs to be commended for the way she handled herself.
And looked up everything that she needed to know and I'm very happy with it.
She got everything taken care of for me.
She repeated everything and made it a wonderful call.
Lisa was the customer service rep and she did a wonderful job.
She just had to find out exactly what I was trying to ask.
She explained everything to me clearly.
I think she did a terrific job in helping me with what I needed to do.
She covered it all and went beyond what I (unclear) worked out perfect.
She done great.
She did the best she could and I did the best I could.
It was nothing else that she could have provided she took her time with me.
And she was concerned that everything was right where it was supposed to be and it is and she was just a lovely person to talk to.
And she is an asset and although I have never spoken with her before but today I did and.
She has really jumped through hoops and I'm very grateful for her help.
I think she did a great job and at this time I can't think of anything that needs to be changed.
She had trouble getting (unclear) but overall she finally found it and then everything was good.
She took care of everything I needed today.
But she did everything she could to make the matter right for me and I appreciate that very much.
You could hear that and she had a hard time hearing me.
And she just she knows her work.
Didn't quite know what she was looking for.
And so she called them and we talked and it wasn't your end of it that was the hold up.
Natalie was absolutely fabulous she gave me everything I needed to know.
She finally got to speak with me and also everything worked out just fine darling.
But other than that the gal was very nice and she's going to give me a call back tomorrow.
I dealt with Autumn and she was perfect.
And she made me feel lots better.
And so I really appreciated what she could do for me.
Her name's Angela and she's in Texas and she was really good and she wasn't self serving.
And her name's Dr Linda Roof she was the best.
She was delightful so I have no complaints whatsoever.
The lady that I just talked to did a very good job.
It worked very well with a girl named Sweet.
Everything went well and she was super (unclear) and took her time.
She tried calling me sir and mister.
I talked to Ashley and she said she is sending it out.
She made me happy with UHC.
Her service representative number is 1638651 she did an excellent job.
Rosemary was wonderful at trying to resolve the issue.
She did research and she tried her best to get the information however it was not in her system so that is not her fault.
But she was phenomenal at trying to resolve the issue.
And I thought she went above the call of duty getting me set up for what I needed.
She took over and explained it to me what was going on.
She was absolute able to give me doctor's closer to where I was.
And she even asked me about the weather and that was very encouraging.
However she made up for anything I've been disappointed with in the past because she was terrific and I just think she oughta get all kinds of recognition for taking the time she did.
She did everything as she needed to.
And after I got on (unclear) with her everything worked out okay.
Actually the young lady told me about things I didn't even know I had.
It was Nancy that we talked to and she did an outstanding job of helping us.
And she explained things where I could understand it.
And she needs to be complimented very highly on her job performance.
The lady I worked with did an excellent job.
I talked with Ashley and she done a magnificent job for me.
Natalie explained things very well and correctly.
The representative did exactly what she was supposed to do from my point of view.
The girl was wonderful I spoke with and she resolved the problems that I'd had immediately.
And it was fact that they I don't think they ever billed it and I appreciate everything she did.
I would've preferred she said Kathy and that's it.
She explained herself to me quite thoroughly.
And when there was something that I couldn't comprehend she very carefully went over it again.
She told me everything I want to know and more (unclear).
And she acted like I was getting on her nerves.
And she assured that she did but for some reason I think that she hadn't.
There isn't anything she could've done better and that's a high compliment for her.
So I just wanted to give her a kudos.
She went back she looked she listened and she did everything that she could to help me.
She was very professional but it was from information that I got from Spectera and Superior Vision in the past.
Jewel was very good and I don't know of anything she could've done better.
I thought Jenny did a very good job.
She went the whole 9 yards and I highly commend her.
She transferred me and when necessary and she helped on the line when necessary.
mostly she had a sense of kindness and efficiency and that's what you look for in customer service.
She did a very good job in helping me out.
The young lady tried and was very nice but you don't cover my glasses I need.
She was very good and took the time to explain so thank you.
The girl went out of her way to be helpful.
She asked if she could and there was nothing else to do.
But Sherrie helped me out tremendously and she should be rewarded and she needs a big pat on the back.
the representative explained everything completely and did her best to help.
She covered everything and explained everything to me.
Jennifer worked fine with me.
Shana said it was taken care of and it was not.
Sonya said she did.
We got cut off before she told me the last thing I needed to know.
One lady kept me on line on hold for over 20 minutes and she promised me she wouldn't.
You've done great.
She wasn't able to that's why she switched me over to you.
She confused me more than anything.
Maciah took care of me quite well.
She really was good and she went overboard and gave me the details that I needed.
She could not have been better so just train other people the way you trained her.
A young lady by the name of Cara took care of it and she's just really done a fine job.
She gave me information and I'm really happy.
I've always been with you for a long time.
Sonya took very good care of me.
they explained to me nice and clear and for me she is number 10.
She covered it all good.
She took care of me and let me get what I needed.
So but she was a good person to talk to though.
Lisa took care of me.
Rosa knew what she was talking about.
I spoke to Lauren and she did a fabulous job.
(Unclear) difficult because I thought she did everything right the young lady did everything right.
You knew exactly what she was talking about.
She was (unclear) and gave me information I needed and it's nice.
I had Ulyssia and she was great.
Knowledgeable about what she is doing in that company and really (unclear) to me.
did her job very well.
She did an excellent job in trying to resolve my problem.
She spent a lot of time in trying to resolve my problem and she will continue to (unclear) to try to resolve the problem on Tuesday.
She helped us in every way we wanted and she got my wife as.
But anyway she I really enjoyed talking to her.
the help was excellent and she followed through on everything.
While speaking with Anne she explained everything very well.
Sarah was fabulous today on the phone.
She lifted my heart a little bit since I've been in pain so much and that is all.
Mary gave me good customer service.
She explained everything good and took her time.
She made me comfortable and made me feel like I knew what she was talking about.
I spoke with Stephanie and she was such a delight to talk to.
She helped me to accomplish me goal for the day so truly I have absolutely nothing negative to say.
She resolved my issue and she did it professionally and courteously so there was nothing that she could have done better.
She had like a Indian accent from India and I don't know what her problem was but she hung up on me.
She could see that I called but it never happened.
Unexpected but it would have been nice and she did a good job.
I appreciated everything Jennifer did for me today.
I will always be her big brother.
The lady Jennifer who took care of me did a wonderful job.
There was no way the young lady could improve from excellent help she gave me.
she blessed me really with a lot of information.
My experience was great and she handled everything that I needed.
Step to the side because Angela know her stuff and Angela good at her craft.
She is on top of the game and I would enjoy talking to her more.
She did all she could do to help me so I am very satisfied.
My representative Cody was absolutely fantastic she couldn't have done anything better.
And she was able to lend an ear to my (unclear).
Rita was awesome and she needs to have a raise.
She was patient with me.
She was there for me.
Now it seems like she did a pretty good job.
And so I think she did a good job and I know that she tried her really best (unclear) to help.
And she did a fantastic job to help me with all my needs.
So the girl did a awesome job and I just wanted to let you know because I think everybody who does good jobs need to get a pat on the back.
She did a great job on the call.
The girl I spoke with was absolutely wonderful and I don't think that there's any need to do anything further or make the system better.
She was pretty slow as far as finding the answers.
But she talked to me about HMO's and PPO's and I think I understand it a little better.
She did a great job for me today so you couldn't have did anything better.
Autumn was so helpful to me and got everything straightened out for me.
She did get interrupted by her supervisor but that was fine.
She was looking it up and she confirmed yes.
The sweet young lady that took care of me.
Knew what she was doing and I was satisfied.
She did everything just like she's suppose to and I appreciate her because she's a big help.
She did a wonderful job and she resolved my issue 100%.
She really was she's doing a great job so she deserves a raise.
And she remained calm and tried to help me resolve the situation.
She did a lot of research while I was on hold.
So she did an excellent job and I hope she gets the due credit.
And she did a fine job with me.
And I think she did a super job.
Madison did a wonderful job answered my question she couldn't have done anything better.
She did a great job and I have no complaint.
And she had the knowledge that I needed.
And she really took good care of me.
Everything Amanda did for me today was above and beyond her help.
She did wonderfully so I'm glad that I had her today.
She couldn't have been any better she answered every question and I see nothing wrong at all.
She looked up everything that I was concerned with.
But I wanted to compliment Elizabeth.
Yes I had Amy and she changed our.
And she went beyond what I expected.
She was willing to look back on things for me.
And I would like to give her kudos and the highest marks I could.
She was going down the paperwork and stuff helping me to understand.
I think she tried to help us.
The little girl explained everything and helped me understand it very well.
The lady pleased me just fine.
And his mother did a wonderful job raising him.
I it took a long time but she persevered going to various different references.
She took care of the matter and I was happy with her performance.
The lady was very helpful to me so I don't think she could've done anything any better.
She was super she told me everything I needed to know.
She said I didn't exist with you guys but I don't know her name.
But Lizette was was able to help me and she did such a good job.
I asked if she was new and she said no.
We're working on it other than that she was wonderful.
She got right to the point and I don't have any complaints and I thank you.
I enjoyed the woman that took care of me and everything went as planned.
She got me straightened out so everything was fine.
There's nothing that she could have done better she did everything that she could for me.
And you know she was really a pleasure to deal with.
Erica was not able to handle this problem completely and she was going to send it to an advocate to be reviewed.
I'm a former teacher and I told her I'd give an A plus.
And she explained it beautifully.
I had wanted her to hang up so I could do the survey.
And she went through a lot of trouble to make sure that everything was right.
Obviously was on top of all the particulars of the plan and I appreciate her kind an professional manner.
But she was very helpful in also explaining that my benefits and (unclear) doing things.
how she was saying things.
Ashley did a very good job with me and I have nothing to add to her services.
She was very good she answered right away I wasn't on hold at all but I.
She was able to give me the correct information but she didn't seem to know a whole lot.
She got everything down that I needed.
I think Jasmine did very thorough in her information.
Taylor did a wonderful job and solved all our problems so there isn't one thing she could've done better.
Erica was nice she's going to call me tomorrow and we're going to solve this issue.
The girl handled everything just wonderfully.
It was perfect her name was Laverne and she did very well.
Jennifer explained everything alright to me.
The one thing I did asked her to do for me was to speak slower.
She knew what she was doing and how to relay that information.
She solved it and she was an absolute delight.
She did it was excellent.
Overtime I've called I've had wonderful personnel work with me and they take care of me.
She kept me informed.
You've done a good job at training.
She was excellent she took the time to help me with my problem.
She was absolutely wonderful on the phone and there wasn't anything else that I could recommend at this point.
I hope I'm right because she was a delight to talk to.
I spoke to Katie and she did everything.
I never registered so she came up with something new instead of just saying goodbye.
She just kept asking everything but I was trying to address.
But Laura did a great job and she is going to call me back with you know the response to what we need to be doing.
Looking out she did everything perfect.
I went to talk to a rep and you did it again.
She told me what she was doing.
Rhonda was excellent and I give her 15 stars.
And she found out everything I was asking her and so she resolved the problem that I thought I was having.
I had to start over but other than that the girl who looked after me was phenomenal.
Your agent was very helpful and she did what she was supposed to do.
The lady explained things good.
Candace took the time to explain everything very good.
Actually speaking with the consultant she explained everything as best she could.
Actually Leslie did everything she needed to do and I got good information.
But that's why I called anyway she did a very good job of trying to explain to me what I should do next.
She let me rant and rave about my life circumstances which have been dire and (unclear) down to life threatening.
She explained everything better than anyone that I have ever spoken to.
She was so great and just took care of everything and just.
She took care of my problems and everything got taken care of and I sure appreciate it.
She made her answer a little unclear.
Then she realized why I was calling.
She got a hold of the facility that was in question and I really appreciated all of her help.
I spoke to Lisa who has resolved all of my.
I had her do a lot of work and she did very good.
Everything was done fine the young lady did a good job and I can't complain she did everything with excellence.
The lady she took care of everything.
We were dealing with Trina yesterday and she was still on it checking for my mother and Richard stays on it.
And she transferred me over to you and that experience this morning was horrible.
She made the situation so much easier and I appreciated it.
was information and I think she did a good job.
Missy was outstanding and I don't think she could have done anything better at all.
Everything she did was absolutely outstanding so I couldn't ask for more.
But she had kind of an accent.
then she knew what I was talking about.
She found the right think and explained it to me.
You put it in her file that she just was just wonderful.
And I've enjoyed being with youins.
And she told me what I needed to do.
And I like the way she talked to me.
Her name was Christine and she helped me out with everything I needed.
She really did her job.
Rebecca went above and beyond and she really helped me with my claim.
Joyce the customer service representative did an excellent job.
So she just did everything to satisfy the questions I had.
Lawanda did a good job both communicating and civilization to a senior citizen.
Nothing Aurora was very good and I recommend her every time.
It was a wonderful experience and Jill should get a raise for it.
And she let me know that when she had to check something out.
And that she would be right back with me when she was.
She did an excellent job as far as I'm concerned.
I found her so willing to just answer everything and go beyond.
And she knew my birthday and was a few days ago.
Her name was Lydia and she's in Waco Texas and I compliment her on her performance and how she helped me.
Other than that she did a fantastic job.
it didn't resolve my problems but she explained very well.
I don't know that she could've done any more than she did and I appreciate visiting with her.
She had to speak very slow to me.
She got everything all straightened out for me and I thank her again.
So I would like to suggest that for her and I don't know if this applies to everyone but I would like to suggest that for her.
she explained everything to me.
But she explained everything to me.
And I'm very happy with what she has on her records and what I have to do now.
And I trusted what she had to say.
what she told me.
So if I could talk to her every time I would be happy to.
The last gal I talked to did a fantastic job but it was very difficult getting in contact with the correct person.
I had a lot to find out and she did it.
I was supposed to talk to another woman by the name of Kelly and.
And she really was a blessing onto me.
The representative helped me a lot and I thought she did a great job.
I mean she took care of everything for me.
She found everything I needed.
she went above and beyond helping me and I so appreciate that.
Alesha Green has been a better rep of yours.
She done that very efficiently.
She would get an A minus because A is perfect well she was close to perfect.
She was patient and she resolved my problem.
And she took care of us in a very reasonable time.
I punched the number ten because she did a very good.
She told me all that I needed to know.
So I think she handled everything professional and 100% and couldn't have did a better job.
She took all the information and spoke very well and I can say she's been very well trained.
She knew her job she did her job and it was very polite.
She handled my case very well.
Her name was Kelly I don't know if that helps but she gets a 12 from me.
The first one I could understand very well and she spent a lot of time resolving the problem.
I'm not sure about that but she was as nice as she could be and handled it professionally.
Kelli is the woman answered and she was extraordinarily helpful she went out of her way above and beyond.
My wife usually does this but she's not feeling too well today so I took it upon myself to try to do it.
I'm satisfied because she cleared away all my doubts I was having about the (unclear).
She was great on the phone and helped us.
And today I worked with Carolina and she just made me feel good.
She even wished me a happy birthday so there's nothing that she could've done that she didn't do.
Everything I wanted she did it alright.
She done an excellent job and I did graciously appreciate it.
She did everything she was supposed to do and I'm very happy with the call.
The lady that helped me Heidi handled the issue as well as she could.
And she was great patient and she said it will be in the mail so I'm happy to hear that.
This went very well and I appreciate everything she did for me.
That girl handled everything I asked her.
And that's the reason why she understood and gave me some advice and (unclear).
I spoke with Edna who solved my problem and had a very good.
She was with me for a long time clearing some doubts I was having.
She was a big help and I think I know just where I'm going.
The little girl was as professional and helped me in more ways than anyone I have ever called and spoke to over there.
I thought she did a terrific job.
You've always done everything that I've needed and wanted.
And very and she knew what she was doing and I appreciate her.
I asked her to spell it and everything but I still couldn't understand it.
She wanted to understand exactly what my needs were and she worked on it.
Ann Marie she went over everything thorough.
I enjoyed talking with her and everything was great.
And she stayed right with me and explained what I was wrong about.
she knew she did her job very well.
She knew what to do and helped me in every way she could.
SO that worked out very well for Alyssa since she was able to read the notes and gather what was happening.
she told me exactly what I wanted to hear and very efficient person.
I had trouble understanding what she was saying to me.
She solved the issue I had and I appreciated her help.
She even made me laugh a little bit and I made her laugh too.
The lady took care of every question I had and knew what she was talking about.
And Elma did a tremendous job helping me giving me the information.
The woman went out of her way to solve my problem and to help me very much.
She went out of her way to solve a problem that I was very unsure of for months.
So but she tried to help as best she could.
did everything she could and I appreciate it.
There's nothing she could've done better she assisted me with patience and efficiency.
I asked her what the (unclear) down the road was and she didn't know.
Employing more people like TJ she was excellent with her customer service.
But she was not able to resolve the problem because it's just not her domain period.
The first lady who transferred me she could have explained herself a little better.
But Angie was super helpful and everything that I need to know is definitely not in this (unclear).
But she stayed with me all the way.
Everything was fine the lady I talked to did a fantastic job.
She repeated herself quite often.
She got it all set up and she was amazing.
She was friendly she knew her stuff efficient and I didn't gotta take my conversation with her or whatever she does and use it as a model for training all your future employees.
It was a little bit hard to understand the woman that I was speaking with because she has some kind of an accent.
Keep (unclear) she was wonderful.
The (unclear) the gal I talked to she did a wonderful job.
She explained it thoroughly and I appreciate that.
That she is just the greatest and helped me understand what I needed to understand.
The young lady did everything right and I appreciate it.
So everything was just great and she did a wonderful job.
Kudos to her and to her supervisor if she's around for the job that Tiffany did well done.
She's just as nice as she can be and her voice she sounds like she's smiling from ear to ear when she.
what she's there to do and Alena was absolutely wonderful.
She did an excellent job and I should've written down her name but I didn't.
But I talked with Alexa and she was as helpful as she could be.
She done it all for me.
Even though I know she tried but I just wasn't satisfied with her answers.
She was giving me information on some pharmaceuticals did a really nice job.
She did an excellent job to try to get everything settled for me.
And she explained everything to me.
It would've been another you know high mark 'cause she was just the way she should be.
I thought she was excellent in how she had presented herself.
She he she tried to solve resolve my problem that I was calling for.
So she did connect me with somebody who knew.
She even called dental to help clarify something and we had a good experience.
That I've seen her twice (unclear) and I like Connie Olsen.
She cleared up some things that I didn't understand which was on my part.
The lady I talked to did a very good job of helping me.
Explained everything she was doing.
Not that it was problem but she resolved she honored my request as soon as she could.
But she made me feel better than when I first started this conversation which has been about over 30 minutes.
And I could actually feel the smile in her voice.
