I've always got great customer service from you guys and I've never had any problems.
I'm happy with everything that I went through with my conversation with the agent that I had.
He did a good job but I'm completely satisfied.
I spoke to a gentleman by the name of Robert and I can't say enough nice things about the guy.
Today is the first of the month and I thought that I had to call today but I guess I have to call the previous month which I could've called yesterday but I just thought that today would be the day seeing it was the first and I think if someone calls on the first you know you should honor that.
I think I got something done because of this young lady.
So I thought that was very professional of her and I appreciate that.
I have not talked with anyone except the lady who was going to transfer me and I never got the call I never got transferred.
And I finally got to somebody in Texas who understood what I was talking about and they resolved my issue.
Which they did but that was part that he would've done that for me.
So actually this experience this morning was excellent and the gentlemen that helped me I didn't get his name but he was wonderful.
And it did take a while for them to connect but other then that everything was good I like it.
But I always am very very lucky to get the nicest people to handle my problems whenever I have to call.
They were learning to speak English themselves but I did not understand half they were talking about.
You could've answered this question back in January very easily and it would've never come to this but today the lady that I talked to.
So I'm completely satisfied and (unclear) was wonderful.
Too many of them I cannot understand their languages well enough so I would say we had a very good conversation very good.
Every time I call for help I get it in a mannerly polite and I have everything solved.
I just called to make a payment and everything was taken care of very well.
I don't have anything to say about it being better but I dealt with a lady on the phone named Jessica.
I forgot the young the person's name that took care of me but I'm just extremely grateful for the fact that I was able to talk to him.
This was an excellent call and I got exactly what I needed.
I don't know how it could get any better but I appreciate the help I've got to do and I know what to do and how to go about it now.
I don't know what you could've done better because I was completely satisfied.
The representative was knowledgeable efficient and actually helped me in more ways than I was even trying to get accomplished in today's phone call.
I don't see anything that y'all can improve in because Billy Joe was excellent pleasant and it was a pleasure.
Everything was fine except I had a lot of background noise and I couldn't hear what they were saying.
I can't really think of anything she Bailey went above and beyond the call of duty to try and figure out what was going on and I really appreciate it.
You're doing very well.
explained to me very well.
I don't know what was the matter but (unclear) she was very nice but I was on the phone minutes and minutes.
You know he explained everything to me you know so I don't think it's too much he could done better.
Taylor was the very best others that I called in didn't quite understand or were not really truly listening to the problem.
I have always been completely satisfied with the help I have asked from AARP and the young lady I spoke with today couldn't have been more informative.
(Unclear) experience made very well today with the young man that I was speaking with.
I got my information and I feel really good about it.
Everything was well the person who treated did a good job.
The ladies have been absolutely courteous informative even though I confused them a little bit.
I don't know what the process is but she seemed a little bit slow.
Very knowledgeable of what I needed.
(Unclear) a few different people and they all were very good.
I pressed one instead of four but you guys have always been perfect and I'm very happy with it.
I always get help and I'm very satisfied.
But otherwise everyone was polite and you can't ask for any more than that and very helpful.
You guys are very helpful and solved all my problems.
I can't think of anything I could add to it but it's a very you know everybody was very cooperative and I got the information and everything I needed so I'm very happy with the service.
Could've been a little more forthcoming with the truth and information but today was wonderful.
Maybe there's something automatic that I should be setting up and perhaps maybe that's a conversation I should have with someone but otherwise it's always been a great call so thank you.
I think the lady I spoke with did a very good job.
I was satisfied and he was having a little bit of computer problems but that was no biggie.
And I was this was the best explanation that I've received so far.
Your customer service rep CSR rep was very professional and had an aweful lot of patience with me especially since it took maybe 2 hours to get it resolved.
Nobody likes to talk to a machine but I understand that and once I got with a person it was all very good.
I have no suggestions for the person that I talked to or actually for the people that I talked to.
He was more than helpful and even at the end of the call they always ask if there is anything else they can do but I didn't need anything more so thank you.
They were professional very nice to talk to and there was not really they were AAA is what I can say.
But I do have confidence that I will hear back from her and get this situation completely resolved.
I think he covered what I needed to know and that was fine.
When I having a very good experience when they having a very nice person over there and the person answered the phone and they give me help is the best person when I see in my life.
He did he tried really hard to help me it was more of a little I think a delicate problem and could be a lack of understanding.
It just took a long time to resolve my problem and however I was not able to resolve it on the web site so I'm very grateful for the help I received.
I just think that the Sunny the (unclear) that I worked with was very pleasant and made me feel comfortable.
So again he did a fabulous job and I was very satisfied.
It was wonderful I got helped right away and (unclear) you could do anything better right now.
He did do absolutely nothing for me and I'm calling back again and hopefully I'll get something-.
to whom I talked was excellent by the way.
He was the best I ever had and please I hope I get him on the phone again because he was wonderful.
No everything was done correctly and I approve and I'm very happy about it.
The representative with whom I just spoke did an excellent job.
Kirk was the person that I talked to and I thought he did a good job of trying to cover all the bases.
So I'm glad that he is the person that I got when I called.
Made me excited about talking to him actually.
So what happened I slept pretty good.
But after I was speaking to the gentleman I just talked to he said that there's no way that that happened.
You handled my problems from beginning to end and I want to praise Clayton.
It took it was a quite a long process but we had to several things we had to do so she did fine.
It was thorough and concise and we are about to act on it immediately.
The representative Crystal was a joy to talk to and you don't find too many of those nowadays.
I did however have a problem a few days ago and the representative was absolutely worthless and I was so disappointed.
I think I pushed the wrong button at one time but everything was fine and everybody satisfied my needs.
And I I still don't understand SilverScript but as far as Sarah and Mario they were excellent.
Not talk to me like I was stupid.
And the only thing is I did call in the first time and the young lady was unable to resolve my issue.
I was concerned because I had gotten a lot of zeroes on a billing and stuff like that so I called and was treated very nicely.
I think the staff that took care of me today was very good polite.
George was extremely helpful and it was easy to get through and I don't know what you could have improved with this particular one and I appreciate it.
That southern drawl was just so comforting and Lee knocked down 4 questions 4 different doctors and I found out that I love my EOBs from my UHC.
Jose did an excellent job of taking care of me and he couldn't have done anything better.
I just felt frustrated at times because mainly probably things I didn't know would be questioned.
you know above and beyond what I expected and he was great.
went through two things that we really needed and I'm very happy that I got her.
The representative was so nice so pleasant so accommodating understood exactly what I was saying right away and handled everything just the way I would've expected today and so I wish.
I think he was very good at finding all the information that I needed and I can't think of anything that I would've improved on with him.
Matthew was my representative and he was excellent with the help that I need.
He has done excellent in delivering what I wanted.
And then all of a sudden while I was waiting I got this very long message in Spanish.
I just (unclear) usually because there was one time during the last six months that I was not really that happy with the person but today's representative was fine.
Well everything was nice and everything so like I say everything was very good and I appreciate the person that talked to me and gave me the information.
She is the first representative I talked to with my situation that had intelligence that spoke proper English and it got my problem solved.
No today was a good call and the representative did everything she could to for my circumstances.
You couldn't have did nothing no better because I was pleased with whatever the results that I got this morning.
And I just wasn't entitled to what I thought I was entitled to.
She asked me about some things that I was not even aware about.
It was a pleasure talking with you today.
I could understand her we had excuse me we had no problem at all I got everything handled.
I didn't quite understand the whole message it was a little mumbled maybe my telephone was wrong.
The representative was terrific and went over and above I believe.
So that was whoever talked whoever referred me yesterday was wrong.
You completely satisfied everything I needed to have done and were very friendly with it.
a young a man talked about a mile a minute no matter how much I asked him to slow down and I ask him anything he didn't act like he knew one thing.
No in reality the young lady did wonderful (unclear) helped me (unclear) well and very clear very precise and actually they calmed me down so that's very hard to do and they put up with my chitter chatter.
Keith was very helpful and could not get through to the doctor and I guess he's going to call me back but we did not resolve the issue at hand.
I don't think there's anything y'all can do better but I just wanted to comment that I have made several calls in the past couple of weeks and each time I've got the representative who has been so nice on the phone and so helpful and so pleasant that you feel like that you know them and it.
He took very good care of us very pleasant gave us all the information we needed so we we're very pleased.
Actually I was very happy I was calling to ask questions for my 95 year old mother.
And I found both of the people I talked to to be very helpful.
I got what I wanted and I'm totally satisfied.
As far as their (unclear) their helpfulness and she was wonderful.
I've always been treated with courtesy.
He told me everything that I was interested in.
Paul who I spoke to handled my problem my situation very well and he's very responsive.
I was hoping I could find out why I was charged what I was charged with a copay (unclear) for a procedure and he very graciously helped me in every respect.
You're patient and explain things thoroughly to me.
Except I think that the correspondence that I've gotten from renew is a little confusing and I have two different letters and they're not quite the same.
The person that took care of my call did a fantastic job.
He was actually refreshingly positive about everything and I really enjoyed talking with him and getting his help.
Well both agents really did a great job getting me where I was wanting to go.
was rude from the start of my conversation and she did not want to help me.
No I'm very satisfied with the lady which I talked to (unclear) about some issues things I saw on the medication.
Hi Chris Elbo or Elda was very helpful I can't think of a single thing that would have helped improve the conversation.
It was okay I didn't (unclear) issues I'm very happy it was number four.
I had a hard time understanding but other than that everything was fine.
It was an excellent exchange and I'm glad I called and I got some good answers so all is well.
It was a wonderful experience talking with Christine and I don't have any suggestions.
So that's the only reason you didn't get a ten is that we're not linked and I had put aside an hour for questions and she was limited because John and I not you not your guys fault but no one told me that I had to be linked.
Y'all done great after the third time I tried to get in touch with you.
Everything was done very professionally and I really appreciate having talked with the young lady.
I got everything taken care of and stuff I never even thought about.
They did a wonderful job in going beyond and finding out all the avenues that I needed and that was extremely well.
to talk to a representative everything went completely (unclear) I was completely satisfied.
The man I spoke with I think he said his name was Anthony was very patient with me and had to explain several times over for me to understand.
for him to know what I was questioning I guess.
I believe that I've always been treated with the utmost respect and I've always gotten the correct answers to any questions that I've ever had.
I having hard I had a very hard time understanding the person who was assigned to me.
Actually I was getting ready to hang up but thank God I didn't.
It just took a long time but Alan was very patient with me and he tried real hard to get it solved and everything and he just about got it done and I appreciate it very much.
The last person I spoke with Vin was just really helpful and it seemed like he took care of things right away but I just didn't appreciate having to be connected to several different people.
I appreciate the way that it was handled professionally and I'm perfectly satisfied.
Well I would have liked the representative to be more patient in explaining the procedure and what was she going to to do and things like that you know.
The gentleman I talked to was very helpful and I appreciate the time he spent trying to resolve my problem.
There's really not much she was very through and I was just getting very nervous so I don't know.
I didn't know what was going on but you did help me a lot.
The only thing that you could've done better is today I received a phone call and I missed it and I would've liked to speak directly to them that's all and I.
The person was very helpful so I don't think there's anything better.
Hello I was very pleased with the man that I talked to I don't know his name but he took time to check everything out with it.
And I'm so pleased and anytime I've dealt with your company I've always found that it's very easy to get somebody right away.
I'm not satisfied at all with the conversation I had and I hope next time I call I do not have to speak to her.
Yes I would have liked an English speaking person not somebody with a thick accent who I couldn't understand.
I think I talked to three or four automatics and people today and that's sometimes a little bit too much.
I'm not well and so Tavia did a good job trying to explain to me what all I needed to know so I always have success with you all.
And it re-instated me immediately and you know I was happy.
But today's call went just fine with everything I needed (unclear) then yeah we're good.
I was not able to understand the man that I just spoke to.
But he spoke very difficult for me to understand.
Ron was very nice very polite very efficient so I don't believe there was anything you could have done better except maybe a little bit easier to get into the system and get to a representative.
So I was not able to complete the survey for Ron and I really wanted to because he did a great job.
It wasn't on her part that I was didn't I we couldn't I called too late.
Now the last three people I talked to today they were very good and I appreciated their help very much and they also promised to send somebody here.
I think everything was handled very well from the lady I talked with.
The customer service person that I talked to did a very good job.
And they were very kind to tell me.
It was hard to understand the person I was speaking to.
(Unclear) sometimes it is difficult to understand the representative and I think he had trouble understanding me.
I think John was very through from UHC and helped me with my problem and I give him a 10.
you know the hospital listens to you and sorts things out where they wouldn't listen to me and that was just wonderful.
He understood what I was asking.
What I did ask about they found stuff for me.
The only thing I had said last month was that the you know that was good but sometimes the reception is not good.
Especially when you talk to your people in Philippines but today the reception was wonderful and she was in the Philippines but I heard no background noises.
I would be very happy if Kathleen Garnett in Glastonbury was in your list of providers.
Knew exactly what to say at all points and was very friendly and would calm anyone down and she's an excellent employee.
Actually Kurt did a beautiful job in getting me through my problem.
It was handled beautifully and I understand that there's certain things that I have to so but Angela did a great job in satisfying me.
Last time I did have a 40 minute long conversation with someone so I wasn't happy that time but this young lady Patty was excellent and I appreciate it.
I think everything was done great just maybe having the operators that you deal with have all redemption information but they were both great both Tia and Charles.
I had a lot of fun conversing with him and so I feel real satisfied that I (unclear) and resolved my problem.
But as far as the person that I just talked to she was wonderful and there was no problem there at all.
The person that I was dealing with helped me out and I didn't have any issues at all.
I think the person I was talking to didn't seem to know what was going on.
You're always there for me and you always answer what I want to know.
No it was a very efficient call with the girl and I got my answers quickly and I wasn't on hold very long.
I have talked to you guys so many times about but nobody ever explains or what was going on with my prescriptions where I can understand it.
But I talked to Mark Leapt today and he has set me up and he is.
Nothing Juan was very helpful and he solved all of my problems thank you.
I had a representative that I could not understand when I first called but after that I was directed to another person who was very understanding very knowledgeable and I could understand and got help from them and just one thing that you have good people there working.
I mean you explained everything you know and he was real nice to me and I can't think of anything else I would you know wanted him to do.
I don't know what his name was Raymond I think.
I think y'all did very well in handling my situation.
I feel so much better about having the situation cleared up and it makes me feel and makes my day happy.
It was almost impossible to hear and understand the person I spoke with.
I think that everyone I've spoke to since I've started with AARP prescription plan they've all been really nice and very efficient.
He was wonderful and I hope he gets a raise.
I was pleased with everything that the representative helped me with and I really can't say that there should be any improvement.
I don't believe there's anything better could have done for me because he was very polite and very nice and answered my question I had and I guess that's it for today.
So I learned a lot of stuff that I didn't know that they needed.
I didn't have to go through a whole lot of punch this punch that and the representative was kind and helpful and I appreciate that.
He did an excellent job and I have nothing else to offer.
I think the thing that I really liked most of all is I wasn't left on the phone waiting for someone to help me.
I can't say enough praise for Caleb he was on the phone forever with me.
But thanks for listening and like I said Caleb was wonderful he spend forever with me and online with the doctors office trying to figure this out and kept my colonoscopies taken care.
The English was very good but some of the words I had to ask her to repeat 2 or 3 times.
The first thing was when I call customer service it would make it a lot easier if I could speak to someone that spoke English and really could communicate better and him not be a smart a** and be really rude.
To get people that speak English instead of whatever language he spoke and not argue with me and tell me I didn't know what I was talking about.
Once he switched me to the girl in Las Vegas everything went very very smoothly.
My help was super superior and I appreciate it.
The gentleman I talked to certainly knew what he was saying and what he was talking about and I think my problem's been resolved.
I've called before and I've had the same experience so I am really satisfied and I come from Massachusetts.
I just have a little problem understanding some of this but everything was fine and the gentleman was really nice and very helpful.
I have not received this level of service in the past but this person today was very humane professional and concerned.
I do think I couldn't have gotten a better person to talk to and they were helpful.
Christopher was the guy that helped me and he was very prompt with all the answers and I really appreciate that.
My issue was resolved and a very nice person on the other end helped me.
The first hold I was on there was no music or anything and it was a good 5 minutes so it sounds like no one was there so that's confusing.
I think everything was very good very helpful very to the point and in the area that I asked for.
I was helped the way I needed to be and I appreciate all the help I received from the gentleman that I was talking to.
I'm glad I spoke to Kara.
Both of the reps that I spoke to did an excellent job.
And he told me everything that I needed to know.
He did his job he was real good real polite and verified to make sure that what he was telling me was right.
We got cut off I got cut off from the person that was helping me and we didn't resolve the situation at all.
I had a little bit of difficulty understanding but that could've been on my part.
Had a little hard of hearing so it could've been me but he helped me with my problem and he stated like it was.
I'm satisfied with everything that was said and the information that was given to me and I appreciate it very much.
You probably couldn't do anything better for me however Brandon the gentleman I just spoke with was so very helpful very he pronounced everything clearly.
So it was very very enlightening to find somebody (unclear) courteous and willing to give us all the answers we need.
I would've been better if I could've spoke with a representative the first time I called.
I don't know how young he was but I'm an older person and we just talked about our heritage and things with or that UHC and just different things.
I should have really put down a 10 for everything 'cause I was very happy.
Every time I've called done everything needed and I appreciate your responsiveness.
It was hard to understand some of the accent but other than that everything was great.
I got a little lost trying to get where I was going but other than that I was completely satisfied.
Very he knew the job so well.
Agent was very helpful but I would say that if you could have resolved the problem for me instead of telling me how to resolve it it would have been better.
Actually this conversation that I just had with Helen was perfect clear no problems.
But the young man that I got although I don't know the young man but sounded like it that I got to talk to about my problem he was very good and gave me lots of good feedback.
I'm completely happy and I don't know how to improve.
Can't think of anything right now but one of your representative Philloma who I just spoke to was top notch and she did there's a lot of compliments.
I haven't always taken the surveys but I had not yet spoken to one person that wasn't completely polite.
It's just very (unclear) almost three hours going through all this and I'm just glad that I finally a case manager.
I've just had rough experience with United over the past six months but the representative today was very helpful.
The representative understood what I was talking about right way and took care of my business.
Maybe I could have used a custom service agent that was a man my hearing was terrible and understanding women is harder than to understand men but other than that she was very patient with me thank you.
There actually wasn't anything that he could've done better he just answered my questions understood the situation and even went beyond to check on something else for me so I had a great call A plus for him.
So anyway (unclear) nothing to do with y'all otherwise I was satisfied and the gentleman I spoke to was very knowledgeable.
Your phone system could be a little clearer it was sometimes hard to understand the nice lady who helped me.
I just retired I had to work things out a little bit in my head.
I had a very pleasant respectful young man who did anything I asked him and added some value that I hadn't even thought of so I was very pleased.
Val the person who I had spoken to seemed to be very knowledgeable in what my issues were and was able to completely satisfy my issue and help me immensely very good.
I was trying to get something authorized but he did a fantastic job in helping me.
Nothing the agent went over and above what I expected and we've resolved the situation and I'm very pleased with the service.
Resolved my problem right away and were very nice about it.
The gentleman I spoke to really did everything I expected and I don't think there is anything I could ask him to do other than what he did but I appreciate the help thank you.
I am just so confused about my doctor moving from one.
Except he had an accent and it was real hard for me to understand.
(Unclear) the first time I had the reception was really but then I transferred now and (unclear) this survey it was kind of.
I learned a lot that I didn't know.
We got everything accomplished that I needed accomplished.
You know I think that this (unclear) helped me tremendously so that's all I can say and he was the only one and I've called several times.
The customer service rep was outstanding he did a wonderful job very patient found the information that I needed I'm really impressed and can't say enough good about him.
Previously I spoke to somebody and it was horrible.
Neil was very helpful in walking me through exactly what I need to do to solve my situation.
He went into detail more detail of everything that I was looking for and he really over went above and beyond satisfied me.
I think everything was okay expediency was good and my problem was taken care of.
Every time I've called they answered my questions they were polite and courteous and I can't think of anything to make it better than what they did for me.
Dealing with you guys always keeps me on the straight line and I do appreciate it.
My name is Charles Fore and when I called I was feeling down and out and when I talked to George he said things that corrected my spirit.
She a little trouble pronouncing some of the words but that's because we live in the New England and then we have Indian names for a lot of our things but we got a big giggle out of the whole thing and I think we had a very pleasant conversation bye bye.
Ty was so helpful and I've been so looking for some help and some hope for quite bit of time.
Maybe a little bit faster I was on the phone a long time but he got everything taken care of that I needed so I was very happy with that.
I didn't have to wait long and the operator was very polite and understood what I needed.
I wanted to hit 4 for the second answer and I'm sorry I didn't but everybody's been super duper and yesterday I called in and I had a problem and they solved it really well.
But they can never din it when (unclear) and all the people I talk to have been very nice.
But it was (unclear) when the person like Barbara (unclear) kind you know (unclear) because with other person I spoke before they didn't know what they were talking.
They were not you know as nice as Barbara today.
I spoke with Charleston and I don't know of one thing I could find that I'm disappointed with.
I mean it was prompt service and the rep was very nice and I just can't see how you can do any better.
(Unclear) was very courteous very kind and helped me very much with my problems or my wonders on my benefits.
I compliment the person that was helping me.
I was able to make the appointment I wanted and everything was okay.
I was able to have this information a lot sooner than I have today thank you.
I think that the person I talked to was very helpful and now I'll know what to do when I get the list of tiers.
But at the end I am very satisfied with the last call with the last person I talked.
I considered the representative that I had very polite.
It was hard to understand what the lady was saying.
He was very patient and went through my entire dietary and we sort of got it worked out.
I tried to call and I reached someone named Nathan and he is the biggest (unclear) fool I ever dealt with.
And he was very patient with me and just really it was a good conversation and he was very profession with the things that I wanted to know and I was really grateful and satisfied because I'm 81 years old and write a little slower don't comprehend all the time but he explained it where I understand it very well.
I'm extremely satisfied with my conversation and the way Randall handled my grievance and I wouldn't change a thing.
Not a thing the gentleman that helped me out understand my situation gave me alternatives and I will be getting a hold of my doctor and I really appreciate all his patience with me.
They knew what I was talking about even though I had a hard time explaining myself.
But the last couple of times I've called they did not speak proper English and I could not understand them.
So not everything's resolved yet but I believe she did her part.
But the fact that you hired this agent that helped me miss Alex was absolutely great.
Very high energy and talked me through everything that I needed to know.
Everything said and done I think you're getting my wife's policy started mine started and I it was always confusing.
Everything I called and everything was answered to my satisfaction so I'm very happy with you.
The representative was very friendly and assisted me and assured me of what I needed to know so I can't say that there's anything else.
Cammy was my representative and as I know everything went (unclear).
Honey I was taken care of real good.
Nick and Renee were delightful to deal with.
Really there isn't anything you could do better for me because the young gentleman who helped me was very knowledgeable and he set my mind at ease.
I've always been satisfied I've always been pleased with things.
I really enjoyed the information that I received and it's okay.
The people that I talk to on the phone so very helpful so cooperative.
it was something and I really couldn't hear it.
I felt like he treated me as though I weren't an ancient person and I think that you shouldn't make those assumptions just based on someone's age.
They were very helpful and you know there was times I was getting frustrated and I think they were too.
But usually they're very courteous and I don't have a problem at all with them.
I just have to wait now and see what the outcome is going to be but he was very nice and a pleasure to talk to.
He explained everything for me so I was happy.
I think it's mostly LabCorp's problem but it's just very frustrating and I've spent hours on this in February March and April and every month it comes up again and it's just very frustrating but Elizabeth was very helpful today I'm hoping.
And Brandon the guy that waited on me was so helpful and it was so good to be able to understand.
I think the young lady who handled my did very well on the question that I asked and resolved it very well so I don't think you can do no better.
He did everything good he was a big help and he answered my questions quickly so that's all.
He kept going around and around and he had trouble repeating himself and really didn't have top knowledge of what he was saying.
And William at the (unclear) place was very nice.
I can't think of anything because the person I talked to was very informed and helpful and courteous.
I think you did a good of job as I could have expected.
The last agent I just spoke to was so confused and not really able to answer my direct questions so having someone a little bit more knowledgeable would have been a great support for me.
Went out of her way to really do things that I have not even expected so I really appreciate Natalie.
I got shorter wait times before I actually get to talk to somebody but today it wasn't too bad at all and the young lady that helped me was very good.
He sent it to the department to (unclear) it and let me know but Raul was wonderful.
And also very good in answering and helping me with everything in regards to my husband (unclear).
I think he did a very good job of explaining what my supplements were.
The one thing you could do better is the gentleman who took care of me was very nice but I had been working on this issue for a long time and it gets very frustrating when I can't get a straight answer out of UHC.
The representative was very knowledgeable and helped me understand what I need to do.
I was very (unclear) about everything I needed to know and more.
Representative was very helpful and got things settled just the way I wanted them.
Your people are very pleasant and kind and sociable but were not able to resolve the questions I had regarding costs of different hearing aids from a different company because high health innovation I am not pleased with.
I mean I was satisfied but I still didn't learn what I needed to know but they're still working on it.
Your agent was really good and really understood what I was wanting.
I got through very quickly so thank you it made it a lot easier.
I think John was the person I talked to for customer service and he did and excellent job and he did it willingly and didn't I asked him to send me a copy of what I paid so that I know and I want to make sure that when I go back to Montana that I can go to the chiropractor because sometimes chiropractors just don't want to deal with insurance and he made it very easy for me and I really appreciate his service and UHC.
Your folks were very helpful I got the information I needed and they helped me work though it and keep doing what you're doing it works for me.
I can't imagine what you could've done better because I spoke to Jennifer and she was absolutely right on with every question I had and very polite and very efficient.
And he was very good and he did it right the first time.
Understand that the people I had talked to previously were taking care of my problems instead of this person that I talked with having to start all over again and trying to figure things out for himself.
But the gentleman who helped me his name was Christopher is having is following through on it and they're gonna call me.
Well you were absolutely wonderful and you took care of the situation our problem which really wasn't a problem and it really helped us to know what to do and it was very clear and concise and the lady that helped us was just wonderful.
No actually everything went very well you know the time I called today so I'm happy with the service I got.
I was very satisfied with the way the representative handled my situation so I can't think of any other way that she could have done it better.
He done everything that he was supposed to do and I thank him very much.
But other than that Ronald was great to talk to.
I think the ladies I talked to handled the situation real well.
The one thing that could have been better is if the first person I talked to had taken the time and the quality of service that this particular person that I just spoke to did.
So I appreciate all the assistance that I got and I thought it was very helpful the person who was helping me.
I really was given really good information so it was okay.
Very polite and that's all I can ask for.
I'm satisfied for what I went through for what I (unclear).
I'm totally happy with the conversation I had and my problem was taken care of plus.
He was really he really took care of me today.
The person I dealt with today Nathan had to completely put her in the system and I don't understand how that's happened.
Everything went very well except I couldn't understand half of what the person was saying to me.
He didn't understand English and I didn't understand his accent.
I don't know if it was me or if it was her that didn't understand what I was asking.
So it I really appreciated his patience and he made some notes.
You couldn't have done anything better and my problem was solved and I appreciate the help that Sergio gave me.
I think the young man did everything that he possibly could and he did a fantastic job.
I feel like the customer service representative could have offered better solution to my problem and instead of being argumentative had more sympathy empathy and compassion for what I was trying to explain to her.
Things are pretty well mixed up but he did a good job and I appreciate it.
And he made that call wonderful for me.
He was trying his best and that's all I can ask for.
The gentleman knew what he was talking about.
James was excellent and he got it resolved for me.
But he was very good once he found it he explained the whole thing.
He made everything seem so easy as he explained everything to me.
Your representative was very courteous and tried to do things but I'm afraid he was very inexperienced and I didn't have any confidence in what he was telling me.
I am completely satisfied with everything that's taken place this evening and the lady helped me very well.
So I other than that it was a perfect experience talking to the lady and that's really all I have to say.
We both were born May the 22nd of course different year but it was a unique experience with Mary.
And he was totally off the chart I mean he made no sense to me at all and I hung up and called back and I got Shay.
And I felt like I was talking to somebody who was knowledgeable and concerned about my health.
I think it was handled exactly the way I was looking forward to it being handled.
Johnny the man who helped me was so helpful and called my doctor and took care of letting them know what was covered and I am very appreciative so please let him know.
When I talked to the supervisor he must have been in a room full of other people on the phone because it was kind of hard to it wasn't bad.
I really don't know and the fellow that took care of my problem was very good.
First I want to say that all the people I talk to are very nice and helpful.
He was listener and he just helped me with everything I needed and I got what I needed and I appreciate that.
He was just very helpful and I wished I'd get him every time I call.
The person that I talked to did a great job.
Okay then but I was really glad that someone actually helped me.
Well I really can't think of one thing that you could do better it was a very good phone call and I got the information I needed.
But the as far as the representative by the name of Trina she was great.
And I just think you know really you should put people on here who are very good in the English language and who are used to speaking because as I say she was lovely but I could hardly understand what she was saying.
They're very friendly very polite but people from yesterday didn't know didn't have were not informed about anything and they didn't walk me through anything any of the steps.
So that's basically what I wanted to say that they need more training and one guy Eric said he was gonna call me back.
Well everything's been satisfactory with me so far.
The guy was pleasant knew what he was talking about.
(Unclear) very good because I was looking for a doctor and he helped me find me one.
I had the best representative I have ever had in my whole life and I'm 74 years old.
Polite and informative about United Health and helped me understand quite a few issues.
The sales rep Era was very helpful and explained a lot of things to me that I did not understand and I appreciate it very much.
I understood everything that she said.
Yes my experience with Thomas who was your representative was excellent.
Everything was fine I had to wait quite a bit to get some sort of a answer but everybody was courteous and nice.
Andrew who spoke with me went above and beyond his what I asked for and got it and as usual you guys did a great job.
I had the best experience with a terrible thing that I'm going through today and Roxanne was just wonderful.
As always the representatives were really helpful and I have nothing but good to say about them.
It just took a little bit extra time than I expected but I was well taken care of and I appreciate it very much.
He was very helpful he found me a provider he explained he agreed with me that we got a charge that should not be on our account and explained why and no I don't think he could've done anything better.
It looks like Donovan down there in Oklahoma took care of me and if everything he said comes true then I'll be very happy.
Called back I got Kim who was actually a supervisor.
I appreciate what I found out and that's what I needed to know and everything was good.
And he very nicely and patiently has done that for me.
So I re called back and then the nice young lady told me yes he is in network but prior to that lady within an hour prior to that I was told he's not in network and I spelled his name clearly.
Sometimes it was hard to understand what he was saying.
And I wish I could've talked a little longer.
The gentleman involved did a very good job of explaining everything to me.
I appreciate the gentleman taking time to look up the physician that I wanted and nothing really.
I am just the customer service representative made me feel good.
I though my person was very kind so I have nothing additionally to add.
Every time I have called I have always been helped and been treated with the utmost respect.
The 2 ladies that I spoke to were very helpful and I can't think of anything else that they could have done.
But they're working on it and the fellah I was talking with did a very good job.
I talked to a gentleman his name flew out of my head in Florida.
The thing I'm not happy about is I asked the woman.
Told me everything and explained it to me and I understood it all and I don't think that they could've done any better with anything.
They really did good and I enjoyed talking to him and enjoyed it.
I was glad to get the help that I got.
It took a little longer than I would have liked but it was a fairly complicated question and I think the person did a good job checking and taking care of it.
But Brian took the time and whatever and the matter isn't resolved but it's getting that direction thanks to him being able to listen to me and whatever.
Ivory was the name of the person helping me and he did an excellent job.
I was treated very well and I've had 2 calls today both of them were exemplary.
He got what I needed and that was the most important thing.
But (unclear) I could hear people talking and I'm saying I had to say hello three times before he heard it.
I had a lot of help from everyone who I spoke to because I get confused sometimes.
He did a good job of explaining to me and helping me how to handle it.
I think it was Gabe but I'm not sure and I just wanted to tall him that I'm in a rehab.
So I was just struggling to figure things out and clarification would be good.
So I had to call back and talk to a different person but other than that everything was great.
Bradley was very helpful then to go and get information I was put on a short hold very pleased with this conversation today.
Those people have to speak a little slower and clearer and she did very well.
And it gave me hope and showed me how you know it was gonna happen.
I got all the information I wanted and I'm very happy to be a member of UHC.
Shay was beautiful and very helpful and if I could give him a score from one to ten I would give him a hundred.
Gee it was a very nice person took care of everything that I was calling about.
Hi Nick was very informative he described everything in detail and he gave me hope that I could possibly get a scooter.
He did everything went above and beyond the call of duty and he was a very pleasant guy to talk to.
The representative I spoke to was named Paul and he helped me find out if my imaging place was in the net and he did a wonderful job helping me with that and I appreciate it so please give him credit thank you.
The representative I walking to his name is Lou and absolutely in all honesty he could not have done anything better for me.
Mark was just excellent the way he handled everything and with such politeness and all.
Everybody is always courteous and easy to understand and if I tell them I'm hard of hearing then they will talk a little bit slower and a little bit louder which helps me so much more.
The agent was excellent and I don't see where it could be improved at this particular moment.
They explained everything real nice to me.
On other occasions I had to go through too many people and explain my problem too many times before I got someone that could help me.
There's absolutely nothing I would want to change about Jaymi she was pleasant from the beginning of the phone call until we hung up.
I accomplished what I needed to.
Robert resolved all of my problem and I'm extremely happy.
The operator could've spoke more slowly my hearing isn't good and I did have a hard time understanding some of what you said.
Everybody I've talked to has been very helpful to me and I really do appreciate that.
The person was very patient in trying to you know meet my needs.
I think to the best of my knowledge you everything that I spoke with the person who was helping me was fine.
I did not get a complete understanding but the representative was very helpful and I thank her for her knowledge but it's just that on my end I thought that there was a better service coming from UHC.
I have had problems in the past with some of the individuals that were trying to help me but this individual did great and I'm very happy.
I was not aware of that so that's my only question.
Gabriel and Vince were great today.
I did have some trouble understanding Vince it was a little mumbley but he got all the information for me and he really keep kept me calm and happy because I may not be able to stay with you guys because I moved to a new region.
Jason did a great job in a very timely manner with what he had to deal with today with this situation.
Fully understood what I was saying and I could fully understand him so it was a terrific call.
She's very insulting very condescending and accused my son of being a druggie and I just had it I said I'll never go back to her.
I was helped with everything I needed help with today.
Was very pleasant about it and just really helped me out.
I learned what I needed to learn.
I think the representatives were so awesome that helped me out today.
The fellow I talked to helped me out with everything I needed so I don't think at this time you could help me out more than what he did.
I found what I found out what I wanted to know (unclear) thank you.
Mistakes do happen though and I've been patient and I'm just upset that every time I call I've been told that well it takes time it takes time.
At least Mr Gary was with me today the supervisor.
why I was calling and the person that helped me took care of it very efficiently.
I was having a problem hearing but I think it was my phone.
He did a great job and my stuff is ordered and that's all I need.
Very quickly and I learned some things.
I'm so excited that the gentleman helped me.
I spoke with a gentleman by the name of Juan and there was nothing he could've done better.
And everything I asked he was more than willing to accommodate me and all the needs that I have.
The technician was very helpful we still haven't resolved the problem but they are working diligently on it.
The person I talked to did a fine job.
Really explained things really well so I'm just so grateful.
I enjoyed talking with the one that helped me out and I have nothing negative to say about it.
Well I wish he could've helped me better than he did.
I was completely satisfied and the waiting time was exceptional so that's all I have to say.
I was helped understood and all that good stuff.
The 3 people I've talked to in the past yesterday and today they've gone out of their way and I really they did pretty good it's just that I have a situation in Arizona that I'm on Medicare and there's certain things that people don't take hospital wise and you know but I was very satisfied.
I have found every person that I have ever contacted with UHC has been kind courteous helpful and very friendly and they make it a pleasure for me to call as I need to.
Hi you were actually very good but when obviously I failed to follow up on some things way back that's caused a lot of problems.
It was a little overwhelming and I just I looked through the formulary and.
Luis was the person who waited on me and he couldn't have done anymore.
We were both commenting about it so it was fine.
I had to wait a little bit long and I almost hung up on this survey because it wasn't fast enough but I heard you.
Your representative was very helpful and took care of the problem for me so I wouldn't have to handle it myself.
I really appreciated the gentleman's help and he satisfied everything I needed.
I mean I think I don't want to say idiot but and I told her yes.
I needed to have some names of doctor's who were in my plan and the young man who helped me absolutely did it 100% perfect.
And I didn't get the feeling that I mean Christina was very helpful but I didn't get the feeling she's gonna do anything about it.
Your service representative was cordial she is bound by your protocols but your protocols leave something to be desired.
Jamie who was in I think San Antonio Texas was just incredible.
That's it and I wanted to say how enjoyable it was working with Chastity on my problem.
So she's very nice so I had everything taken care of the way I would like it to be taken care of.
Dennis was excellent informative he got me done in a regular amount of time and I know exactly what I need to know.
I had a wonderful experience with my phone call today with Luke and I don't think there's any improvement that I can think of.
Everything was fine and the agent did a good job.
Anthony was quite phenomenal and he helped me with what I called in for and now I have the information to get the equipment I need.
I spoke with him at it was 5:35 PM today he was very courteous and he went out of his way to help me and I wanted him to know how much I appreciated him helping me.
I liked the way they talked to me.
I think Indian but I'm not sure so that would be the only thing that could've made it better because I was struggling a little bit to make sure I was understanding exactly what she was telling me.
You had a very professional man on the phone there and he went over and above what he needed to do.
The representative I talked to was very tried to be very understanding but he said there was nothing he could do about that and that he had never heard of that happening before.
I was satisfied with the answer that I got I just wasn't sure about how the insurance worked.
The only comment I have was that it was very difficult to understand the young woman.
My support person Terrell I hope that was his name was absolutely marvelous and he walked me through everything I needed to be walked through.
He showed that he was concerned and he was apologetic for any hold time.
I had a great experience with my representative I just spoke with and it couldn't have been any better.
They had to wait on me and the person I talked to was very courteous and I appreciate it very much.
I mean I was looking for some physicians' names and that was provided very well so I appreciate it.
I was kind of upset when the girl said that there was no record that I even called.
I really appreciate your all's service I guess to say and the lady I spoke with she couldn't have been any more helpful.
I think he went above and beyond for me and was extremely helpful.
He did more than I even asked of him and went beyond and above what I expected.
Especially first one the first person who took care of me great.
Addy did a perfect job and gave me some good news.
Oh once again I'm very pleased with the service rendered and talked to a young lady by the name of Thelma.
I couldn't ask for anything more than what he did for me so he was great.
I talked I think in the end with three different people each one helping me a bit her a bit here a bit there.
I think they were probably using a head set and I just could not understand what she was saying.
They know what they're doing and (unclear) assistance that I asked and they explained it to me (unclear).
Not talk to me like I was a child that didn't know what I was talking about.
Well everything was respectful and courtesy so I received 100% satisfaction from Miss Kayla.
It seems like every time I talk to a person they're very nice and they help me out a lot.
It would have been nice to be able to talk to the representative but I called back for and I've been waiting a week for.
I was told one thing my doctor was told something else.
Nathan explained everything to me.
I was not able to absorb a fraction of it but since on a personal level person to person I've done very well.
The person I talked to did very well and I have no nothing else to ask he did just fine.
And I wanted to say how much Alexis was lovely.
I was content with the way they treated me and I think it was very good.
He gave me some pointers on some thing that I needed to know about my own self and he had the same experience with his child.
something you can do better because you did fine but I was better because the last time I called I spoke with someone who didn't.
It was a good call and I would loved to have kept on talking to her.
Yeah the representative that worked on me today was very good.
Especially things I did not really ask about that she made me aware of.
It sounded very affirmative I didn't have any problems with the lady she knew exactly what to talk and what I was talking so it was good.
Calvin's patience I appreciated so much.
I've always felt that UHC is great.
Nobody knew that I should speak to you and Teculia who was a doll and wonderful and extremely helpful.
So that's what I was really worried about.
I did not need to waste time talking to her but I enjoyed the talk.
I was just so impressed with the rep that helped us because he went above and beyond to help us out.
This time when I called in I was quite satisfied.
I don't think that the consultant I spoke with could be anymore informative or helpful.
Was very confident and helped me and satisfied all my needs and there really is no recommendation.
Well actually it was kind of long staying on the telephone and staying focused on what she was saying.
But the gentleman I talked to was very nice and I think that he will get it straightened out for me.
They worked with me very well and they solved my problem and they were very courteous.
At this moment I just really don't think I have much to say about the person that I spoke with could have done better.
So Anthony did a great job and we couldn't have asked for anything more.
The person was that answered the phone was great and took care of everything just like it needed to be.
It could've been resolved months ago and I just very much appreciate the current person who assisted me in clarifying a lot of the issue that had started in February and I really appreciate Sonia.
Everything I mean and fortunately was what I wanted to hear so I'm happy.
So my issue that I had resolved was that I have a drug that's not in the formulary and we've had trouble not to work with it and I have a very beurocratic provider and so I was worried about from past experience of running up at the end and not being able to get my drugs so I called and the young man resolved my issues and I'm very happy about that.
I feel bad that I had to call twice but the second person I spoke to was more informative than the previous person who was very courteous but not as knowledgeable as Crystal was but anyway all my problems were taken care of and I'm completely happy with UHC tonight to say the least.
I was petrified to make the call but Tony got me through it and I'm very satisfied.
It was answered and really appreciate that and that solved the problem I needed to have solved.
And like I said I'm glad I was part of.
I called earlier and the rep was not very good.
I don't know her personally so I'm just talking based on the experience that I had today was a ten plus.
Well I guess the doctor I was referred to was not on the list but Allen was very helpful in letting me find some alternatives.
I think that Paul did a wonderful job And gave me the information that I needed.
It was very well done and I appreciate the help.
He did an excellent job of (unclear) explaining and all.
I should've read some information I got from you to start with and I would've known and the individual I talked to the lady was very pleasant very helpful and she done a great job.
He explained everything nicely to me and I enjoyed the (unclear) of talking to him.
I just want to say the representative I had was excellent.
He went out of his way I feel over what he could have done for me and he was very patient.
Now I was working with you for 71 minutes so far and I've been shifted over to Chad and Chad said I cannot help you.
Spoke with Phil and he was excellent and he straightened everything out everything I needed to know and looked things up.
Very sympathetic to my problem of the cost of the medication that I was on and I very much appreciate that.
Everything was solved with the first phone call and I appreciate that very much.
I asked him where he was because he was like it's bright and sunny.
Now Alex who I just spoke to was very wonderful poised and professional but I have to call twice because I got a letter.
However I was very disillusioned to find that what I was told when I signed up did not bear fruit.
You couldn't have done anything better today because the woman I spoke to really made my day.
Everything was explained and I understood when I hung up.
I guess I misunderstood the last question but this was excellent.
He took his time explaining everything to me and I just really appreciate him coming through that way.
It was $530 that was one thing I was very upset over and I had to pay.
These representative have been wonderful and they have talked me through things that I didn't understand.
But it's been a very frustrating experience and I don't think I got the kind of response I deserve from Nokia or from UHC.
And when they asked if this was (unclear) of course I said no because I'm his wife.
Everything went well I had a great customer service person Sarah and I'm it was you're top of the game.
The representative was very polite and helpful but we couldn't find the information that I needed although I feel like I can be found we just couldn't found it we just couldn't fin it today that is all.
I had no wait time at all and it was easy to get through to someone so overall I am extremely happy.
(Unclear) United Healthcare person that helps me a lot and a very good person to talk to and every issue was resolved.
I couldn't understand the person I spoke with not.
It's resolved the issues and got everything going and I'm just happy it has everything so just and I know that you all are going to be able to help my wife just as much as you helped me and I was concerned before I called but the gentleman relayed all my concerns and everything was done to my satisfaction.
It was the fourth one who actually located everything that was not only yes that I was but also my history.
Got it cleared up for me and I'm very happy so it was a wonderful experience.
When I got people they were very courteous to me so that I can say was good but the system to get there was terrible.
Everything was answered completely and I was helped totally by a very polite person named Aaron so everything was wonderful.
I got the (unclear) that I received and needed to know and they was very knowledgeable of what they needed to tell me to do to help me out with the problem that I'm having.
Really nothing Terry was very helpful and I was transferred into Terry immediately so it was really good thank you.
You were very good at those two things in particular.
I was still on hold with my person I was talking to.
I just spoke with Kim and he was very helpful in helping me try to get a hold of Optum Rx.
No I think it was I got through properly and the girl was real helpful Martita and I got the information that we needed to see what tier the drug was and so we're very satisfied.
that did talk to me was excellent.
It was very difficult to understand him with his accent.
The rep was very helpful I just want that to be noted.
But that would be my thing your employees are extremely helpful Danisha did great work and so did Jeremy but I think you should have told me because I was in the office with the physician or the dentist today and was told I didn't have coverage so it was a little embarrassing thank you.
The person on the phone might've been able to talk a little clearer it was a little hard to understand.
Today I spoke with George he could not have been more personable more caring more efficient or effective he solved my problem (unclear) he understood exactly what was needed he was empathetic and I totally enjoyed speaking with him and he was so professional.
Everything was done fantastic and the operator he knew what he was doing and he did a great job.
Everything went pretty well I'm pretty satisfied the representative I talked to he worked until he found the information that I needed he was pretty good so I'm pretty satisfied.
The representative was excellent and I did hear a lot of background noise so it was even hard for the representative to hear me and I could hear a lot of commotion in the back so I know that what companies are doing now is taking away offices and just making it all open but really it's too much outgoing noise that's my only comment but the customer representative was excellent thank you.
This time was very fast and everybody seemed to know what I needed and it was I have got everything fixed up just very fast.
The representative was extremely (unclear) was extremely efficient and I was feeling so down and hurting but when he got me off the phone I was laughing so he helped me a lot so thank you.
Cameron was very willing to look up the name when I was changing my PCP and he did an excellent job.
And I also speak like five or six languages but it was still very difficult to understand her.
And so I just said thank you and hung up and I'll call another day and I'll see if someone else is able to do what the other manager was able to do.
I can't think of anything (unclear) any better it was everything was just great the courtesy and cooperation and told me all I needed to know and we resolved it over the phone and I'm very well pleased with everything.
times so I was embarrassed but anyway I'm gonna talk to my primary care but the person I talked to today was (unclear) much more knowledgeable about acupuncture treatment.
They were excellent I talked to 3 customer service people and all of em were just great.
I they are just super so I got everything answered they've corrected and took care of my problem that I had and I just can't say that (unclear) they were just did a great job.
I was very pleased that covered everything that I needed to know.
Today was fine James was a 10 or higher but I've had problems with the dental program other than that also I'm not getting the forms they say to fill out the forms with the envelope and the envelope and the form is not there but as far as my speaking with James today he was perfect he took a long time getting everything processed and speaking of which has nothing to do with James and I also talked to Ann earlier they were both terrific but the process is very long and lengthy and I had a migraine today and I'm quite (unclear) but I (unclear) through it and like I said James was a huge gigantic help so that's it thank you.
They might not have told me what I wanted to hear but they were very nice in doing so.
I forgot it was the weekend so it was kind of hard to find out what I needed to.
Like I say he was pretty good in explaining it and (unclear).
And he wouldn't know until the bill went out and so but he was a very nice young man and he's very keen on getting everything done that he needed to do.
However that does not reflect on the person I just talked to on this call because she was excellent.
Hi I had a gentleman named Angel and I had been on the phone with him for quite awhile.
So no he did quite a few things for me and I appreciate it he was extremely helpful.
I can't think of anything the call was answered promptly the guy was easy to understand and he took care of my problem instantly.
It was handle professionally and I appreciate it very much.
So I think everything was done that could be done and it was clear in my mind.
I did not mean to lose my temper and I apologize for that however it was a simple enough request.
I was completely satisfied and I don't know how you could've handled my questions any better.
Sometimes it was a little difficult to hear the voice of the person I was talking to other than that everything was super bye.
I don't have anything he could've done better he did very well and he gave me some options and things to ask for.
Still denied it and I'm very upset this is (unclear) today so I just wanted to let you know.
Everyone that transferred me and helped me was they were wonderful they were kind they were helpful they were patient and I really appreciate that.
I appreciate having a friendly conversation but we got into a long talk about robots that actually I don't think was necessary otherwise I think the person was really very nice.
I felt that I was listened to and I appreciate the way the person talked with me and helped me.
Actually Sam done wonderful for me as usual.
I was looking for something that I was interested in and about well it's about a thing that was on the email that I got today or yesterday.
It was very something I wanted to read but and I just clicked on read now and no way I could ever get to there.
I'm sorry I didn't write the representative's name down that I dealt with but she was amazing.
And he understood what I was saying.
Actually the person I talked to did an excellent job.
I spoke with a gentleman named Ron and I can't think of one thing he could've done better.
I appreciated getting someone I could actually talk to and not talk to that automated thing.
No there's nothing else they could've done better I was very happy with the representative who explained things to me and assured me that like I could have my tests and UHC would pay for it.
You couldn't have done anything better the customer service representative was right on top of everything and very courteous and very knowledgeable and I appreciate it.
But I wasn't included in it so it turned out that it's a random thing and I would really like to have it done and so he did everything he did and he could in his power to get them to contact me and schedule it.
I talked to a representative Will out of Virginia and he was very courteous he was very efficient and he's working on the problem I've had with the bill that I received through my hospital so I'm very satisfied with the representative Will out of Virginia.
Took care of everything that I was had qualms about and I'm very pleased.
I don't have any wishes it's always been a wonderful experience when I was calling the UHC.
I felt that it was just treated as another number and nothing was done and just stopped the answers that Trina gave.
He was so very helpful and I was just kind of panicky worrying about that I was gonna have to pay this bill.
And he really reassured me.
I was very upset when I called but they calmed me down and gave me what I wanted.
They gave me enough time to understand and write things down and this went great.
John the man I spoke with did everything he could so that I could understand him but as I said this might be a problem on our end with the phone.
I thought the call went very well she was very knowledgeable but I have great trouble because I'm an older American.
They were very helpful but I going between doctors and Med Life and United.
I can't say anything other than I was treated with the most respect and understanding.
The guy that helped me just now he did as best he could and he's very patient and polite.
The associate who worked with me was outstanding and I give him a great deal of accommodation.
I don't mean to be derogative about that but the gentleman I talked to Christopher was a little bit tough to understand.
Everyone was real nice and they helped me with what I needed to help and I'm satisfied with what they did.
Nothing Dan was very helpful he put me on hold and took very of my issues and I greatly appreciate all the help.
And I was very hesitant to speak to somebody I didn't know on the phone just because they said UHC.
Everything was great you could not have asked for a better person on the phone with me today.
I think everything was perfect I had I got the information I needed.
He was very professional and he went pretty much over and beyond to solve my problem and to help me get that taken care of.
The associates I had dealt with handled everything just in an excellent fashion.
He went out of his way he not only that he conferenced us and we were able to resolve the issue.
He talked to me he explained everything to me and he did a great job.
No I was very satisfied just talking to I had to talk to more than 1 person.
Because everything that I wanted to know you answered for me and I really appreciate that.
But maybe I wasn't able to hear my person but I was able to hear her.
The one thing I see you could have done better for me was the person I was talking to had to speak a little bit louder.
your representative was more than outstanding and took many extra steps to not only satisfy me but to make me extremely ecstatic.
You met my expectations so really you couldn't do anything better.
The representative I talked to was really helpful and courteous and you know I just don't think there's anything that I can add more about the service.
I was on the phone for an hour and a half with Mike and he was very nice.
And called Wellmed and then called the doctor and got to the bottom of the whole thing so that I think it's all been resolved now which I really appreciate.
And I think as an elderly person with hearing issues it was difficult sometimes for me to understand him.
I think that this call today was a very good call for me.
The gentleman Bill who helped me was very patient and professional explained things well so I couldn't have asked for a better representative to help me out today.
Your representative did a really good job at telling me what was going on.
The person that took care of me Robby did everything in his power to help me and I was more than pleased with the service.
But that's okay because this girl was really nice.
But he just gave it all to me now and I will follow through with my doctor.
So he helps with everything answered every question and made it very simple which is what I like.
Took a long time but it was a complicated problem but I was happy with the outcome.
I held on the line for a very nice man James that helped me tried his best.
He was running back and forth trying to get a supervisor and kept apologizing for them which to me he should not have done.
the assistant did very well helping me.
I think getting my welcome kit to me a little bit quicker might have been very helpful too.
I had Darren (unclear) talking to me and he was very good and there was nothing that he could have improved on.
I understood everything that he explained to me and I was that was great.
But he reassured me that I would be taken care of so I appreciate that.
I'm so pleased with the guy talked to me and all the (unclear) I was asking.
The person I spoke to did a very good job.
You all did very good and I appreciate all the help that I had today and the lady on the phone was very understandable.
Willie did pretty good but when I called the first number you know the guy was all confused and sometimes he talks too fast so we you know they need to be in the teaching mode and the helpful mode so that we can know how to navigate and get more confidence in time.
I finally dealt with it today and he made it easy and enjoyable and I cannot praise him enough.
I just wanted to know what my balance was and when I had to pay it and that was resolved and I've always been happy with UHC.
The service was excellent and I can't think of another way that you could've helped me.
A little louder it was hard to hear she spoke so softly.
He did better when I talked to him.
Everything was great with the representative that I spoke with.
Once I prodded I did get what I needed.
He was clear in his words and he knew exactly what he was doing and he is so precious.
He was awesome to work with.
Because everything was really the lady who talked with was on top of everything.
So but I talked to the gentleman and he explained it all to me so that's it.
It should have been taken care of last month but the gentleman was very helpful this month.
So somehow in the switching over something got cut off but this last person that I talked with was great.
In fact the customer service individual who was Elliott and he not only helped us with our (unclear) but he also was able to make my wife an authorized representative for information relative to all health insurance matters and it was something that we wanted to get done and he was able to accomplish that right over the phone and we greatly appreciate that type of service.
I mean this young lady went way beyond what I had expected.
All my question was answered the lady was very nice and I really appreciate this company.
Actually today's phone call with Cheryl I believe her name was was very nice.
Thus I had to go back to Jared or to Jared another guy who was very able very helpful and he said put the right one in which is a dash one.
He was just courteous and very nice patient and I got the information I needed and it just was great and I just wanted to give him a thumbs up.
Again his name was Jefferson and I just wanted to see if you could do something nice for him.
I was continuously lied to about the issue I had.
He actually got it done for me and I'm thankful for that.
It was easy to go through the menu and my customer service person was great.
Actually nothing because everything was resolved to my satisfaction and the representative by the name of Tammy was really helpful to me.
It was excellent service and your representative was as good as I've ever dealt with.
The organization determination people that I needed to talk were still there that would've been great.
Everything was fine and I appreciate somebody having the time and respect and give me what I need to know.
He was so kind and hopeful had a sense of humor and was helping me to try to find the best solution for my son and UHC is so huge AARP is so huge that to have a direct contact is caring to me and he provided me information on how I can get through to him so that I don't have to go through a phone tree and get lost and so again Austin was amazing.
He annunciates so I could understand what he was telling me.
But David is the only one who had tried to help me you just broke a hard one it's paid for almost an hour over an hour helping me and trying to get thing resolved but unfortunately we couldn't do anything.
I was perfectly happy and it was a follow up call on something that I had called a few days ago.
The 2 ladies that ended up helping me were very patient they were very knowledgeable and they walked me through step by step.
Both the individuals were very nice they were willing to help me but the first one seemed a little bit unsure of how to handle my question.
I should have called you sooner but the fellow Josh was real nice and I've got to make some phone calls tomorrow.
I spoke with Reniece today and he was absolutely fantastic and much I had UHC last year and Reniece was so fantastic compared to my experiences the other year.
You followed up with my issue and it should be going on well and there's nothing else I could say.
I don't know right now I'm upset and I already kinda answered that question.
But otherwise he seemed interested in my issues concerns so he did a great job.
I appreciated what he did for me.
And I was aggravated and sick all day.
And also some of your representatives not all of them speak in a with a kind of a vernacular or something that I it's pretty tough for me to understand.
what my coverage was and I was very satisfied.
The guys treated me so with respect.
My wait time was very minimal and I appreciate UHC.
the agent that worked with me was perfectly on point she was very good.
I've got a hearing problem and I'm difficult to communicate with but your people were terrific.
It's a difficult claim it was all in Spanish however I did get very good service I found out today what it was but we didn't hear anything for almost two and a half months.
Nothing everything was fine and the young man that took care of me was Lawrence and he helped me out a lot more than a lot.
They were nice and everything and they just had some problems today.
I've always been helped out pretty good no problems.
I was so completely satisfied with the care that I was given today that it would be hard for me to find right now anyway right off the top of my head something that you could do that you could do better.
I was just complimenting the young man about his care and interest in how he treated.
But otherwise at the beginning they were speaking very quickly and it was difficult for me to understand.
They did everything I had asked for so I appreciate it a 10.
Hi at this time everything I was satisfied.
As always anybody I speak to with there are very kind and helpful and take care of the problem or issue that I'm having.
I was really you know pretty satisfied and I don't know what else you could've done.
If we had known ahead of time we never would have used this card but the person waiting on me was very polite and very informative and I appreciate that person very much.
I was quite satisfied so I really couldn't tell you anything at this point.
call us back in about an hour and I said well I would really like someone to call me back and he said well we.
And every time I call (unclear) and everything is really (unclear) years all these years that I've been with you guys have been really good.
I knew I stuttered a little bit but they were very sympathetic.
I can't think of anything because the person I talked to was very knowledgeable and very fast in giving me the answers.
You did everything and I'm very satisfied with the lady who spoke with me.
However yesterday when we called although the agents were very professional they weren't able to resolve our problem.
I have to call it I have to wait an hour to call and I still don't know if it's gonna be resolved after an hour of calling (unclear) but above all I think you guys are great the lady I had on the phone with me just now was wonderful.
Y'all worked out pretty good today.
The gentleman that I spoke with was real knowledgeable and he's taken care of all my issues that I had at this time.
There was a little bit of an echo in the background on the call I had a little bit of trouble understanding the representative.
It was very good I understood it more than I did.
Yes the with my conversation today Cody was very helpful.
I got excellent service today and it was from Casey with one of your representatives and I do want to appreciate her.
I think it was as little slow but (unclear) providing me with (unclear) I needed so I think you can you know speed up a little bit but other than that I was okay.
I think that you did as good as you could with the information that I had.
It was all handle professionally so it was done nice and people were nice so I really don't think you could improve on that.
Well David was very nice reasonable and he explained to me what the problem was with my plan.
No it was excellent this time I called I got through fairly quickly.
I've made three calls to you so far in the last few weeks and everybody has been great.
My experience with the person that I called this morning I appreciate his information and I am very pleased with what he had to say.
Today's call was probably the best customer service call I've had to anyone in quite awhile so I'm very pleased.
Anyway I have no complaints and she was very helpful.
I've been getting shilly shallied around and they finally told me to call this number and I did and they helped me.
And the service was 5 star it was a blessing to deal with the person that I dealt with today and his courteously.
Computer system was down he couldn't resolve it right now but he was very nice and understood exactly what I needed and I'm sure he'll take care of my issue.
They got what I needed and they were most considerate.
The young man did everything that he could do and I appreciate it.
So I think it was handled properly and quickly and to my it was just what I needed.
I really thought it was a great contact and I appreciated the information.
I don't have anything to say except that he was professional and he was quick.
He was having difficulty understanding what I was saying and I was having a little difficulty understanding what he said.
He was a sweetheart and he went above and beyond what he needed to do.
I talked to Allen and he was very helpful and I actually did not have anything complicated today like I did with Elaine last week but he was very helpful with what I did ask.
(Unclear) took his time with me so he did fine he did fine.
I like that this time I spoke with somebody I could understand and hear.
whoever I talked to did a great job.
I got everything that I was looking for.
No I'm very upset and I still would like to talk to a representative.
But I never got to talk to anybody today and I'm very dissatisfied.
Everything was fine I had a pretty good wait time but I understand other people calling in so everything's fine.
Nothing he just did everything that I needed to know and I will get back with you people when I am ready to move to Dallas Texas.
I do have to say (unclear) that helped me today was very helpful.
I called yesterday and they were nice I wasn't sure what I was talking about or dealing with but no she was very helpful today.
Everything was good the agent did a great job and I hope this comes to a perfect service for her.
Really nothing the fellah that I talked to was very polite and friendly and he tried to find a cheaper way for me to go.
So therefore it was taken care of today and I'm satisfied very much.
Eric my representative that helped me through this little bit of a confusion experience I had with my physician.
So by doing a conference call with the physician everything was (unclear) out and I'll be looking forward to getting my referral.
everything was done very well and I appreciated the gal I talked to.
I don't know why it took longer but she was very helpful.
other things and so I am happy that I was able to contact someone today.
yes Loria and in both cases they were delightful and I was starting to get answers and I was disconnected from the first one but I understand you're having problems then Loria helped me through that and she got me the answers but I had gotten the same answer about 3 weeks ago and then nothing had changed so I am trying again tomorrow to contact my provider and have them change the way they submit the claim and but overall it was very nice I was on the phone a little bit long like maybe an hour but even that was not too bad and (unclear) and I felt like they care and I felt like United Healthcare is doing what it needs to be doing and I felt like I was being heard and I guess that's all.
It was a good experience from both Barbara and Loria I thought really made me feel (unclear).
And you hired a person named David whose sense of humor and he puts a smile on my face whenever I call (unclear) this is the first time I got David but anyway I have (unclear) and he was just a delightful person to deal with and solved the problem 1 2 3 just like that.
It was kind of hard to understand the person from United Health that I was talking to.
I was very pleased with the help I got from the billing department and unfortunately I thought it was a scale of 1 to 5 and I hit the 5 for the first time but it should've been 10.
Well the representative was very good and very helpful but at the moment the problem is not solved so I have to wait for her to get back to me.
I did not like being talked to in the form she did.
Everyone is very kind thorough and I have nothing to say but giving you an A+.
I was still on hold and after two minutes I just hung up.
Sometimes when I speak to your representatives it's fine but there are times where (unclear) English skills are not that good and I have a very hard time understanding them.
He resolved the issues but again it was a little bit difficult for me to understand him.
I was helped and told what to do in this situation and they were very respectful and I can't think of anything that could've been better.
Everything was just perfect as I have no complaints with the young lady that addressed my issue.
I can't think of any improvements today's call was very courteous very professional and all my problems were solved.
It's been very nice and courteous the few guys I spoke to and I thank them for the time that he took out to listen to (unclear).
I have no complaint about what was done I it helped me tremendously to try to understand why the situation that I called about was going on.
And I still don't quite understand it but he did the best to find out what's going on with (unclear) and I appreciate the time and the effort.
I had a little difficulty understanding the lady but other than that it was fine.
They were just very helpful and they helped me to understand and really explain what I had asked.
They've answered all my questions that I've needed answered so I really don't have anything to more to say except that I'm very pleased with how I'm being treated and everything.
I was helped in the way that I needed.
I had a lot of difficulty in them understanding what I was saying.
Maybe to take of the issue up front when I joined but Oscar your representative handled the matter and he did a great job.
And we got what I needed done very quickly.
It was a very gratifying conversation and I don't think she could have handled it any better.
You did what I wanted what I needed.
Last week I called about the same thing and I wasn't helped at all.
So you're good and every time I call whoever I talk to and the agent they were very helpful.
I think the man I spoke to Anthony he probably did the best he could I just think he could've explained it.
he explained it as though I didn't know what I was talking about.
The first stuff he started telling me I already knew all that.
And I'm just happy that I talked to him.
I had no problems whatsoever and I appreciate Stacy's work.
But Derek was very kind also and like I said that's the kind of people that we want to speak to.
It was a pleasure to speak to that young man and he took care of all my needs.
They gave me a number that I needed so I think they helped me right there.
However your team did do a great job handling it when I did call back.
They're still helping me I don't know how you came on to ask all these questions but I am holding on for one of the guys now.
But the ladies were very nice that I've talked with and so I really don't have any complaints.
I mean he just kept going and kept digging and kept trying to get the answer I needed.
I think he did an amazing job on this okay and the problem ended up getting resolved.
I was hooked up with an (unclear) called (unclear) which there were two people talking at the same time and I couldn't understand them so I did get a little bit upset but I apologize for it.
They and they spoke such broke English it was difficult for me to understand them.
But I just asked quickly and I got through quickly so I would say keep it especially that part keep it the way it is.
I was very frustrated yesterday but today I'm very happy that everything worked out so maybe it was just a bad day and that confusing I don't know but thank you.
But other than that no I can't see where you know where you could do any better to you know to take care of what I needed to know and needed what you know what you wanted how you wanted me to handle things.
They were patient with me and everything and I so appreciate that.
He was real nice and I got all my things done with him.
But after that the person that took over they really did wonderful and I couldn't be any happier.
Jeff was very helpful and he's going to get back with me within 24 hours.
I think I got the best service I could have gotten.
But like I said Michelle was fantastic we got it done in 3 minutes.
Not too much on me that all the questions are answered so I'm being totally satisfied with today's answers so I'm all happy with that.
And it sort of pushes me to get even though it's not very easy for an old lady to have a physical never the less it sort of pushes me to do it which is really what you intend and I very much appreciate it.
It was very good I don't have a suggestion.
So they confintly made a mistake not where I had to the services done so thank God for Barb because she certainly gave me some rest in my head.
Because I was just so bummed out and upset over this 'cause I have a sick husband and I have a lot on my plate.
Kelly was great that attended to me.
Everything that I asked Gabriel which was the representative that helped me she was more than helpful to me and I could not have gotten my issue resolved without him.
So I do appreciate his the amount of knowledge he had and the help that he gave me.
I could barely hear him and he didn't have any idea what I was talking about.
There is nothing you could have done better because Patrick my person helping me was so thorough and he made so many attempts to get a hold of the doctor my doctor and he's going to call me back as soon as he talks to her within the hour or if not tomorrow morning because I have to leave after a while.
He was very concerned and very interested in making sure that he did everything he could to help me get this resolved.
Resolved my problem and was very helpful in other areas that I wasn't even aware of.
He's a very good customer service person very polite got right on it and got it done.
I think that the help that I received went pretty well for me.
And I just wanna let you know that Kendall was finally able to help me.
It was a little bit hard to hear the representative agent when I was talking to her.
I was just so impressed and he just went over you know what I should do exactly to these letters that I received and he's just a people person.
Everyone has been very helpful every time I have called and I truly appreciate that.
He was excellent and he deserves a ten for everything.
The service was unbelievably good and the individual should be a trainer based on the service that I received today.
There were times I would speak with someone that I couldn't understand their English.
Because a lot of times you call somebody they don't know how to talk to you and they but this lady was beautiful.
Was considerate was polite knowledgeable the whole bit and he took the time to take care of my issue and he went far and beyond what was expected.
You're all very courteous but this being transferred back and forth and back and forth and back and forth is getting old when I've got a lot of physical problems going on.
I was bounced around to six different people before I finally found someone who was totally wonderful.
And I'm a baby boomer and I'm not a tech person and so I was a little frustrated.
I understood everything alright and I really did enjoy the person I was speaking with.
Well this gentleman that I worked with at the moment was very helpful compared to the last few that I've encountered.
So he was helpful in that regard I wish everybody had been before now.
I had absolutely no problems speaking with the gentleman I think he said (unclear) was his name he was absolutely wonderful I have no complaints whatsoever.
All my experiences speaking with UHC workers was always very good.
But I'm not sure what it's for and neither were they and I find that really very strange.
Well I was supposed to be transferred to a representative but instead I got this toll thing and I obviously had to say about the question of how satisfied was I with the result? Well I was not satisfied.
The only thing is she spoke very clearly which is not I had trouble comprehending I guess she spoke a little fast so maybe if some your people would just slow down a little bit on their speech.
My you know issue that well you know the service that I wanted to take care of was taken care of very professionally and courteously with Linda.
Maybe I could've understood the lady a little bit better.
I was not able to see that information but I got great help and I have no complaint about anything's that been done on my behalf.
When the issue is taking care of by the gentleman Johnny that I was on the phone with he's very nice.
So I spent an hour on the website and calling different people and wasting my time basically and that's a bit frustrating.
He knew exactly what my problem was and he took care of me.
And right now I am very satisfied of the whole thing and that's it.
It was very good and took care of all my problems and stuff.
I had Bill and he is a real patient representative and he really made me feel good today.
He gave me a whole bit question all the answers I needed and everything and he just a real good guy.
Actually the help that I received was very sufficient.
Everything was okay I was having a little trouble understanding but other than that everything was okay.
Well the representative that helped me today was excellent he was outstanding he really got a lot of information to me that I needed with this Optum Rx.
The representative was great but I had to ask her to repeat because the clarity of the call was not good so okay.
Anthony was very polite and as far as I can see right now working with Anthony there's nothing to improve.
He was great and all of your agents have been great but he was the first one who went into detail about the provider.
It's just that the information he gave was so helpful and no one ever explained all that to me and I really appreciated his thoroughness with my plan so he needs a raise.
The call to Ida to help me with understanding my drug program was excellent and I have no comments about how it could be better.
Don't have the operators so gossipy and chatty about how was your day going and all this stuff.
So I just kind of wanted to give him a thumbs up.
It would have been nicer for me if the person I was speaking to could speak more clearly.
So usually I complain but I just spoke with Tammy.
I would really be satisfied and happy.
I've talked to 4 people today and I still am not happy with the result of my conversations.
The only thing is there was a lot of noise in the background and it was hard for me to hear him.
I got what I needed very efficiently and didn't have to wait a long time and it was great.
Well the gentleman helped me so I really don't have nothing to say because I was really helped and he was very courteous.
The rep knew exactly what he was talking about.
So he had to end the conversation but I do feel that he's doing his best he said he would call me back later on today.
I think I was helped in every possible way and Robert was very kind.
So the day started out poorly and ended up well with Joseph working with me staying in touch while I was on hold I guess my one note my one thing that you could do better is that perhaps the notes can be taken better because it seems that each time I call it's difficult for people to find what's been done previously.
Really nothing I just wish I had better numbers in my book so I didn't don't have to make the calls but the lady that helped me today was fantastic.
And the person that took care of me was very knowledgeable and knew exactly what I was saying.
Well the other 3 times I called the men hung up on me but this lady really helped me that I just got through talking to.
It was a bad electronic situation although I could understand what she was saying and it was very helpful.
The ladies mic that I was working with I think had a little difficulty.
I could not understand the speaker very well.
But it would be really nice if peoples English was crisp and it would be so much easier for me to have understood some of the things.
But it would be nice if people spoke really sharp English.
The gentleman that just helped me was so good to me and he explained everything and plus gave me more information that I didn't know so I thank him for it.
He's very professional and didn't rush me at all and took extra time with me and I appreciate that.
So the person I talked to did a nice job of checking it for me.
I talked with (unclear) one of the representatives he was totally on top of everything helped me to the max I don't know what could be improved.
Michael was very helpful and I would never ever I don't need anything else.
So I feel just that I was having issues with the HMO but anyway I'm feeling much better about this and she's great.
a person worked very hard to find me something and I appreciate that.
The representative that I got was just fantastic so I have nothing to add to that.
He was one of the most outstanding people I have talked to in all the years that I have done business with AT&T and he even offered to help me on Monday.
I felt it was a very professional experience and one I look forward to again should I need to call customer service.
Oh I don't think you could have done anything else better (unclear) my concern but he was very interested in my concern about my medicine and everything and I talked to a very very good representative and he helped me out a whole lot.
He was very helpful in fact he put in extra time and effort in helping me with.
So he really wasn't able to help me but he did help me and he was very kind and thoughtful it's just that I'm 86 tears old and I just wasn't.
But when I got through and we have was able to have the conversation everything was absolutely fine thank you very much.
It was handled very well and I appreciate the help I received.
The gentleman's name was Mark I spoke to he handled everything real quick and real nice.
I think everything was answered and very helpful for me.
But the person helping me was very cordial and made it go by fast.
You handled my questions very good and also a young man that I talked to last week I think his name was Manny and he was very helpful too.
They took care of me in a short period of time and I was completely satisfied.
Everybody's always very pleasant and take their time and re go over everything with me and make sure we've got it right.
The young man Brandon was very good helping me and he's resolved the problem that I've been waiting on or a while and so I couldn't say that you know anything negative.
He did everything that he could to resolve the problem today and I have to give him a 10 because he did the best he could.
He would not leave the line until everything I needed was resolved so I thank you very much.
Charles was a big help and answered my questions today so I don't know what he could've done any better than what he did.
I talked to Rebrc and he went way above and beyond the call of duty to help me so I wanted to let you know what a good job he did.
The young man I talked to was very helpful and he helped me understand all of it and I wrote down the information and when we I contact him again I'll know what I'm talking about because this is gonna take a little while.
This last person was very good but I've gotten different answers every time I've called and I'm getting tired of it.
We accomplished everything we wanted to accomplish so I don't know how you could improve on that.
He is a wonderful person and I enjoyed the conversation and he did all I asked him to do.
He made sure he made contact with me and my mom so it was a very good call.
He really didn't speak big words to where I couldn't understand him.
I believe his name was Daniel and he couldn't have been nicer and more efficient.
The representative spoke very clearly but the connection on the phone was not that well but I don't know if it's my phone.
(Unclear) and I'm very satisfied with Michael the person that I dealt with on the phone and things couldn't have gone better.
But the people that helped me today were very kind and helpful and I believe that that could probably be resolved.
The young man that helped me was very nice and he I had to repeat something a couple times 'cause I wasn't quite sure what he said.
But after that you know he didn't have a problem repeating and letting me I'm a little hard of hearing and he helped me.
I it was just recorded that I was paperless and that was not really true.
When the protocol and (unclear) that you guys have I don't think nothing is going to be done in the mean time I was just glad I had a good talk with your representative Natalie she explained to me in details on what I need to do to resolve my problem.
Your machine kept breaking up and I really couldn't understand what you were saying at first when I started talking.
Well actually you did everything that I was inquiring about.
We had a good conversation and I appreciated the way the guy talked to me.
Ronald was great and took care of business within a few minutes.
I dealt with William today and William was wonderful in helping me resolve this issue so there was nothing that could've been done better.
I can't think of anything the young lady was very helpful and I got the same kind of service I always get when I call and I appreciate it.
The one thing you could done better is have somebody to speak better English it was hard to understand her and I had mentioned my problem several times for her.
Otherwise the representative treated me very courteously.
When I set this up for different reasons and everybody I've talked to there has been absolutely wonderful on the phone.
No my person I spoke with was Seth and he did a very good job.
I could get I think I have all the information correct but he was very helpful.
No I was very satisfied with the person I talked to and I don't think he could have helped anymore.
I was very appreciative to the person I was talking to and I don't think there's anything that you can change.
I've had a real problem that has really stressed me out getting some information unfortunately that was different than it really is.
I was very very stressed about some huge bills I thought I was getting and everything.
The reps are full of knowledge and it's a pleasure to speak to them.
I was waited on by someone named Kadvick and I could not have asked for anyone to be any nicer or more helpful than she was.
But I had to go through a lot of people who were not helpful.
Actually you did a very good job with what I needed to know.
Your person that I spoke to just took care of everything to my satisfaction.
Since this is something I've never done before it's always hard to know what the right answers are and I figure I can't really say you've done an excellent job until I know I've received what I requested in the mail for me and that stuff (unclear) 5-7 days or sometimes and I know for the overall you know the (unclear) when I first joined them it was a long time before I got a response from them.
Very polite and made me feel pretty much a part of the system when I understand a little bit more.
I mean most people will tend to be polite but no one seems to go out of their way and she was so helpful as I said.
I just spoke to Tamika and you couldn't have done better.
what I was speaking with was very helpful and they're still trying to resolve a bill that they feel is wrong with Charlotte Radiology.
They're so knowledgeable and I really feel that they want me to get my issue resolved.
But I feel like the girl that I talked to is definitely going to solve it so.
I was notifying you of a death my mother's death and they all handled it very well.
The agent understood and explained to me what the story was and everything's good.
I think the person taking my call did a great job and I don't know how he could have improved.
I went through a couple different people but finally it was great.
He did a good job and every time we call (unclear) helped me out.
Yes hi this is Susan Dia and everything was handled very nicely and I'm impressed.
Actually it was very well taken care of by the representative from UHC.
All of a sudden I got this beep in my ear and I had not talked to a soul.
I have nothing to add to this and I was very pleased with the girl that helped me.
I'm pretty satisfied with everything finding the coverage was a little difficult but we got it taken care of.
I do not have an answer for that because everything was handled very well for me and my problem was solved.
Usually I have trouble understanding who I'm talking to but the girl today was great.
The agent that I had was so helpful and in making things straight for me and getting things back on course.
I had very good experience so I don't think you could do better.
So I would just like to say Nikita again I would like to give her a big shout out.
The person I spoke to was unable to find many providers for counselors that I was looking for in Omaha Nebraska and I know there are a lot of them here.
Before him I called somebody and I even asked them if they were in a bad mood cuz they were quite nasty to me.
Really the assistant who helped me did very well and I was satisfied thank you.
The man just explained it to me very well.
You know it was done and correctly so I'm happy about that.
I don't know it was perfect to me the representative did the best she could.
He did real (unclear) very courteous helpful and everything you could ask for.
The person I spoke to really helped me with what I had the matter that I was you know he took care of everything fine.
I had a pleasant young man talk to me that was just a pleasure to talk to.
I think that my service was fine with Hailey this morning.
I learned exactly what I needed to learn.
The house calls person was good but their speech was difficult to understand because of their dialect.
The gentlemen told me something I didn't know and I was very satisfied with his answer.
Anytime I've called everybody I've ever spoken to is just great.
and she said in the middle of the whole thing well and how are you today? Which was really irrelevant and we were already in the process and to me that's a waste of my time.
I wanna let you know that the agent I worked with was excellent.
Well I'm completely satisfied you guys really helped me out.
The person that helped me was very informative got it done very quickly.
Well the representative did not know what I was talking about and we both learned something.
You have to repeat yourself frequently and I was just extremely disappointed that I had so much trouble just to get a hold of this service representative.
I don't know of anything else because it was hard because I had to go back and forth from my husband to the.
Everybody was courteous and they helped me out with what I needed.
I don't think he could have been more helpful and I'm very satisfied it was a very good job.
I was satisfied with the receptionist so I don't think there's anything else you could've done.
The my representative I believe his name was Marvin either Marvin or Melvin was extremely thorough.
Had some more information because when I was speaking with and asked to call back on Monday that this person worker would be there was probably out to lunch of something but just needed a little bit more precise when I coudl call at the same time he was very very nice very kind.
We had difficulty getting together on what we wanted to do in the beginning but at the end it seemed to work out okay.
The latest I talked to Sue was (unclear) and the person I talked to offered little bit (unclear) good I don't have any complaints thank you.
He checked out everything for me and did an excellent job at what he was doing.
I believe that everything was answered to my satisfaction and the person I spoke with Joan was very professional very informed.
I don't know but talking to Angela today was very helpful.
I just I wasn't understanding the written part of it and just needed to get clarified and the representative helped greatly in me understanding it now.
The person that helped me today seemed a little insecure about what the answer should be.
They've just always been extremely helpful and I appreciate every phone call that I've ever had to make that they were so helpful to me.
And I just felt to be constructive if the.
I was satisfied with everything that the lady done for me.
Well I had no problem speaking with Nancy today however over the years I've had a problem with UHC.
He couldn't get me what I needed but he got me information that I needed so I liked that a lot.
There was a lot of noise on the line and if I hadn't been kind of in a hurry I would have hung up and called back but yeah there was an awful a lot of noise.
It might have been background noise in the room the person was in at one point the noise was gone so I think it was background noise.
So I haven't had my problem taken care of and I haven't had a chance to talk with whoever he was gonna connect me with.
The only thing is that the representative was very helpful but I did have a little trouble understanding him.
This person left me with such a feeling of confidence going forward with resolving my problem that I couldn't be happier.
It was very courteous very got the information that I needed and I think you guys are fabulous.
The representative was helpful and nice but my claim was denied and the reason is ridiculous.
Nathan in Temple and so was his supervisor Evelyn.
I really can't say anything because the 3 girls that I talked to with were very courteous very professional.
So I didn't like that but I hung up and then I called again and it didn't happen.
I spoke to someone last night (unclear) conversation and today he helped me today and last night so (unclear) get the doctor changes (unclear) for me.
I understand everything better today with the girl that helped me.
I'm happy to have (unclear) and the lady was great.
It was a good experience and your worker in the office was excellent at handling my question.
It was done in a courteous manner and I appreciate all (unclear) and the service I'm getting.
Took care of us while I was on the phone and I am completely satisfied.
I think you did everything good and the lady who answered the phone today helped me a lot.
Everything went real good and that was a real intelligent lady that waited on me.
I mean the lady on the phone was very helpful.
I think Robbie did a fine job of answering my question.
I'm very disappointed and hopefully somebody will return my phone call.
I wish everybody was as good as the representative I spoke with.
Right the people that I had today were great they gave me what I wanted and they helped me to gave me great help.
And I enjoyed talking to them the personality was good the attitude was good and I think that they deserve the most highest.
I would've given him a 10 if that was your score and as far as I was concerned everything was handled very professionally and with a lot or courtesy.
Actually I enjoyed talking with the person and they helped me out.
He knew what he was talking about and I appreciate it.
But on the whole he was very good and if I did not understand him he would stop and go over and I think that's excellent.
I wish everybody was like that because the prior caller that I called earlier was extremely rude.
And I think it was a language thing and then he had a little bit of knowing if I said 6 or 5.
There is a miracle gentleman named Olan (unclear) and it was a pleasure talking to him.
I'm just so happy that the representative spoke plainly and in a language I could understand.
So they did their best but it's a long time and I've been working all night.
The recording sometimes it can be a little misleading but other than that she did tell me I can ask for a representative so I did that and that was very helpful I appreciate that thank you.
I don't know what his last name was but he was an excellent help.
I've been treated very nicely by everyone.
I was satisfied with the representative I believe her name was Charlotte that was very helpful.
And she's really made me feel a lot better because I was very upset with what was going on.
The previous 2 people that I spoke to didn't know what they were talking about and I don't know if you want to look that up or not but this latest person did a terrific job.
I don't know what to say everybody has been very nice but I've been dealing with this since January and it today I was assured that it's been taken care of but I've been told that before.
I thing everything was excellent and to the point you satisfied my needs and what I wanted so everything was done very well.
I think this claim was handled pretty good I just had a question about it so I don't know that you could've improved anything.
Very courteous people that I spoke with so I have no problems.
Everything that they helped me with today was done very professionally and the young lady that took my information was very courteous and kind so I have no complaints at all thank you.
The representative helped me every single way that was possible and I'm very happy that I called.
There were 2 people 1 Jason was the one that referred me and he was excellent and the person who last worked with me they got right to the issue.
I got a foreign person it was a very hard to understand him sometimes.
I was happy with the experience I had on the phone with somebody by the name Jackie.
They resolved my problem efficiently and professionally and I appreciate it.
It did take a little bit more time than I thought but there were some things we had to deal with so it was okay.
It took a long time for me to get the information that I needed and I appreciate all that you done anyway.
I was talking to the people and they didn't know what they were doing and they need to be educated.
Well the last 2 people I've talked to have been very good but before that it seemed like I just got the run around the whole time.
I never got anywhere until I talked to these last 2 women and this last woman was very good.
So Gill tried to help me in every way but everybody we spoke with didn't have a whole lot of knowledge about what to tell me or how to help me.
The person that waited on me was very very courteous very beautiful spirit and I've had that experience with anybody that I have talked to at United Healthcare.
I've done customer care so I kind of you know am always watching and I got an excellent service from Ms.
I was supposed to have been transferred to Optum Rx instead I got transferred for the survey so that's not good but other than that the lady with whom I spoke was very helpful.
But my circumstances are of such a nature that it's not always easy for me to do just as I would like to.
I don't know who it was that I spoke to.
My first experience was a person who spoke a different language than English and I had difficulty understanding that person.
I was just not aware of a change that had happened and I was calling to see what was going on.
(Unclear) was wonderful for me.
So I've talked to many many people and I've talked to a supervisor and (unclear) gone around and around and around and it's not the representative's fault.
Kelly and Mike have been phenomenal and great on the phone but I am still on hold waiting and waiting for billing.
It was a little hard to understand the person I was taking to.
So as to say the least I am very unhappy and I wish that I would been able to speak to a supervisor or someone besides the nice lady that I spoke with.
They are interested in what I was doing and they did do a good job.
And I feel really good about today's conversations and everything she's done for me.
Everything was just fine I was so happy that I got to talk to a live person without having to push fifteen buttons.
The call went very well and your person is extremely helpful and it's all taken care of.
Everything was great and I don't think I could've gotten any better help than what I did.
He was happy and I was able to understand him and he did very well.
When I tell you good workers and then I lost I wanted to leave a message on this little quiz thing and I got cut off and I called back and this other kid AJ helped me above and beyond.
But the thing is is I can not stress enough how Caitlin was so patient with me.
I speak English well but I cannot I'm too old.
And he understood what I wanted to do.
I understood what she was saying.
Other than that the person was very informative and clearly helped me it's just that these robot like machines go on and on for information.
I understand better now and that was what I was looking for is.
Y'all did a great job and always do when I call.
It was difficult because my English is not so good but the person helped me.
The representative was very helpful to me and I appreciated everything that she's done for me.
They took good care of me when I called today.
All my information was correct and they really helped me a lot.
And I was never explained that and they kept saying well we have credit.
He was very nice and he did everything according to what you all acquire of your employees.
And again I forget his name but her was great.
The gentleman that answered my call was very professional took care of me and did very well.
I'm 86 years old and he treated me with respect and gave me the information that is going to help me in the future.
They answered right a way and I'm very satisfied.
She even knew some things that I was not aware of.
And I'm still a little bit confused but I think everything's okay now.
It was handled greatly by Ahjerlo I think his name is.
it was just breaking up really bad and I had to repeat you know myself and see if we both said the same thing.
I was completely satisfied with Mary that I talked to and I just think the only thing is the speed of you know dialing into it but that went well.
Actually the call was extremely well handled and they couldn't have improved on it.
I think I got all the information very succinctly and correctly and I think you guys did a good job and just keep it up.
I didn't like the answer that I got but it had nothing to do with the person I talked to.
You're doing you guys are doing just fine very courteous and right down to the point.
The fellow was so gentlemanly and took care of my needs what I asked about and I couldn't say anything nicer.
Lola's really knowledgeable about the information and it's really a god send that she answered my call.
I know the tone of voices her tone never changed.
She could listen a little better.
I've had I talked with Travis and he was very helpful and I like everything that he did to help me out.
Actually you were very helpful and he told me things that I didn't even know was on my plan so basically helped me more than just what I asked about so everything was perfect.
Somebody that I could understand better with decent English.
The only problem I had was background talking and was hard for me to understand the lady talking to me.
I didn't understand but when I spoke to the agent about I don't know a month ago she just.
So I mean it was hard to clarify my question to her that's all.
But that's fine after I clarified the question and she got it down we were fine with everything.
I talked to the UHC representative and she was very informative and I don't see any other changes that need to be made.
I don't know of anything that could be done better both of the ladies I have talked with were very polite act like they was interested in what I was talking about and gave me the information I needed.
I'm so happy that I spoke to this young gentleman by the name of Jerry he checked my record.
the gentleman that helped me was very helpful and explained everything so I could understand it.
And I did make a complaint a couple of months ago when I used (unclear) Rehab.
Yes I think it was very helpful and I enjoyed talking to Ms Roxanne.
that I've ever talked to down there has been so good and helped me as much as they can.
Jonathan was very helpful and he thought of things that I hadn't thought of and I am completely satisfied.
The language was not quite as clear as I needed it to be.
Well you could've done better but I mean this is my third call here today trying to get the information that I have finally gotten from this woman and it was done exactly the way it should've been done.
He was friendly courteous and he just did a terrific job to reassure me and to take care of my problem to follow through so that I can get what I need and so there's nothing you could've done that he could've done to make my experience any better.
Oscar spoke clearly to me so I didn't and I'm hard of hearing so I really appreciated that.
It's very confusing it's very difficult in my head to have fortunately I had the help of a lovely representative named Cassidy in Indiana.
Very understanding very patient and he walked me through some issues that will come later starting probably the 1st week of June.
We had I had a great time talking with your guy and I don't know of anything that could've been better.
The young man was quite good at explaining to me what I asked and I appreciate that.
But as soon as I had something to eat I felt so much better and I told you really have to take care of yourself.
You talked loud enough that I could hear real well.
Sometimes the person who helps you don't really know the answer and they don't act like they care to give it to you but this lady was really helpful.
I don't know whether you had it before then but I was pleased up until last year when I learned about it.
Everybody I talked to was courteous and understood what I was trying to say to them.
So he double did the work and we did find one that matched and I love his patience and his thoroughness.
I mean I had a wonderful experience and the feedback was wonderful.
Please just acknowledge the person that helped me his name was Joseph.
He was absolutely fantastic he took all the care and patience everything he was so good.
I'm hearing impaired he talked very clear for me and very loud and got back to me every time he said that he would.
Well you this gentleman Tio that's Tio was very good and helped me out I just wanted to make sure it was in our insurance plan this surgeon and he said it is it's a go and not to worry.
And then I called and I had the help of that nice young gentleman.
It was delightful to talk with her.
It's probably my fault but he had a pretty heavy accent or I thought he did.
The young man I talked to was very knowledgeable and he helped me and if I can get my doctor to agree I think my problem will be solved and I just appreciate Optum RX and you know my insurance.
Mario was excellent and he resolved my issue you know within a few minutes so everything is fine.
Which can be extremely aggravating and frustrating the gentleman was just as nice as he could be and took care of my problem quickly an politely thank you.
I would just like someone that spoke English a little better.
I was immediately given to a very nice man named Daniel who took care of me and I was very pleased with the response and I also wanted to mention that when I just sent this in a few weeks ago to have my prescription amount taken out of my checking account I didn't expect it to be put in this soon so I'm very pleased about that.
I think I'm satisfied with what the way it was handled very well.
So in the past it was not a very reliable answer that guy I talked to.
We've had other issues with Passport that were not so pleasant as Angelica.
I did get everything I needed to know.
I can't think of anything and the woman I spoke to was just awesome.
I've spoken to three or four different assistants this week alone and everyone of them has been great and so I can't complain at all.
And some things were asked of me that I was never asked before I mean about signing in.
I think everything was handled just great I'm very satisfied with the lady I was speaking with.
The first person was extremely wonderful but I did have to wait a little longer than I had hoped to.
Y'all have really good people I haven't had anybody that I dissatisfied with that I'm aware of but this lady went boom boom boom very nice very hospitable very caring and knew her summary's on everything I asked anything I asked.
The representative was very courteous and helpful that I spoke with and but I called regarding getting a care free drug lowered and it was just impossible to (unclear) I guess the wording is I guess still to the FDA so I'm kind of like disappointed that nothing could be resolved in that regard but it was not the company's fault.
Every time I call everyone over there working has been very nice.
I have no problems everything went very good this time and very quickly so I.
I called about some dental coverage and wasn't so happy with the help that I got in that very unhappy.
So I was quite satisfied but I entered 9 instead of 10.
The gentleman that I talked with today eased my mind so well about my insurance papers.
The representative did a fine job and I think that she's just about perfect.
Other than that I was treated with very much courtesy.
The one thing was I wish he had spoken a little more clearly.
I think she was perfectly willing to do that but I think it would have been better if there was somebody who had been better prepared to answer my questions regarding my benefits.
Colton was the awesome person who put up with me crying a bunch and otherwise UHC you fetch.
I would like to give an excellent review for the lady that helped me just two minutes ago.
But I think that's asking a little bit much but no seriously he was very efficient.
I was under the impression I could actually speak to somebody but that's actually not possible.
More people like the person who I've spoken cause extremely nice and solved my problem.
It was good conversation with the rep that I spoke to and everything's taken care of.
I think the representative while speaking good English could have spoken better English.
I don't think I can think of anything because it was done quickly efficiently and clearly so I was very satisfied.
Everything I've heard today was talked to I appreciate and agree.
There's nothing you could've done better because I just spoke to the most wonderful woman named Barbara who understood what I was asking about.
And I found out exactly what I wanted to know and I am very pleased I have to say that every time I've ever called whoever I've spoken to has been just as wonderful as Barbara has.
I feel as though the assistance that I was given was absolutely excellent.
They were terrific but this was the third time that I called and the other 2 times I they weren't able to help me.
The were very nice they were courteous but they weren't able to help so this is the third time that I called and it was perfect.
Which when I think about it I think my have been able to do it without but he helped me on the line and he did everything he needed to do.
I was helped with what I needed.
Really the person that took care of me was very good.
I got all of the information I needed and am feeling very much relieved that my UHC is going to have my back.
As far as doing anything better I would have to say nothing because the people that I talked to they gave me everything that I needed and I requested and even more.
The person that I talked to Eddie was extremely well informed versus the prior time when I called and attempted to get the same mission accomplished and had no luck.
I was very satisfied with the help of the assistant and I can't think of anything you could've done anymore.
But my overall speaking with the employee it was awesome.
it was difficult for the (unclear) the lady that helped me but it's only because I was so confused.
I'm sorry but I could not understand the girl that answered.
Oh I just wanna say that Miss Ashley that I spoke with today was wonderful and very helpful.
But Monday I called and spoke to John and he didn't do anything that he told me he was gonna do.
I know it was late but what I have learned is well under the time limit for submitting some things and since it's gone to collections I'm not happy about that at all but Alexandra who helped me was wonderful.
And I could understand him fully and he was so informative.
Actually I don't have any complaints but the customer service girl that I just spoke to was wonderful very helpful with information.
Yes Rob was the gentleman that helped me today and he was very efficient very thorough and I think we have our situation resolved.
I'm hoping anyway but he was very good.
I got what I needed and the gentleman was very knowledgeable.
I had a little bit of a problem understanding the person who spoke with me.
He did a very good job and it may just be me because I'm old but I did have a little bit of a problem understanding.
Everything worked out fine with this call and I found who I have to call additionally from what they tell me.
It's just that I was so very active in my church that I was having trouble getting scheduled because I am retired but I do have church activities that I'm involved in 7 days in the week.
it was because I've had some problems where I got misinformation and this time I got the information I needed and as I said I was treated so respectfully which kind of sometimes does not happen and as a matter of fact your insurance company I've had several over the years and I'm the happiest with the representatives.
Hi I had a wonderful conversation with Michael and he understood everything that I was explaining and we resolved the issue and there was nothing he could've done better.
Actually he helped me and completely helped me set up a plan of action and went above and beyond (unclear) all the time that it we needed to get this resolved and I will recommend that man to anyone in this world.
I think it would've improved it slightly if the agent that I talked to spoke a little slower.
Oh the gentlemen was very nice looked into it.
I don't know what you can do much better but the clerk that I just had that had to have a problem resolved understood the first time I explained it to her.
Everything was done right and polite and I really appreciate who I was talking to and I think y'all doing a good job.
Nothing could've been done better for me because Neil took care of my questions and he explained clearly to me and appreciate that he was so nice and courteous and knowledgeable of what the plan entails.
There was another person ahead of the one that I had today and she didn't make any of the changes that we were talking about.
Today's call went very well and I was completely satisfied.
I told him Michael how good I thought she was.
I have a sciatic nerve that's bothering me and it's very painful and I'm on medication for the pain and I needed a chiropractor and he was very helpful.
And being 59 years old I would have to say it was one of the best experiences I've had talking with insurance companies so kudos to the guy who I forgot his name but I'm sure that you know who I talked to and he was really good.
I would like to have had someone I could understand.
He did everything I asked and he had a very sweet personality.
Because the number just came up and then the person came on talking to me and I didn't know who it was and I was thinking it was someone that was just calling to be calling like they do sometimes.
I could understand every word she said.
She was foreign unfortunately so it was difficult understanding parts of the conversation.
But it was as they say not the easiest to understand some of her commentary.
Everything actually went very well and I was informed about some things I didn't even know about.
I finally got a chance to talk to a real person but that was after I had to be transferred from another person.
But (unclear) I was satisfied but I cannot say that.
The gentleman that worked with was very helpful and even suggested that I could save money by switching pharmacies for my husband and he was extremely professional.
I was happy with the way it was handled and I have nothing else to say about it.
I was there for over 30 minutes and nobody could help me at all.
And like again he just helped me the best he could and I appreciate that.
we were laughing and he just made it just a pleasure to talk to him and I would.
I don't know of anything that you could've done better because I got a hold of someone named Edward and she was just absolutely wonderful.
Yes the one thing that you could've done better for me was my previous call this call was the woman helped me perfectly but previously to speaking with her I had called UHC for the same reason and I was given misinformation.
I got the help I needed right away and I really appreciate it.
Once again I've been talking the last few days with different people they're all very friendly.
No I was pleased and everything went well so I don't have any suggestions.
I understood what I could do now.
Very nice lady but it's a shame that I called before on the 5 21st and I spoke to a gentleman that he didn't understand a word that I was saying.
So it was very nice and just the person before didn't understand and the second time that I speak to somebody that doesn't understand what I'm saying.
You could have not done nothing for me because he (unclear) what we wanted and he was perfect.
I wish all every place I call is as thorough and as considerate of the person calling in.
I think it all went well based on the question that I started with.
And I spoke to his supervisor and told him how good (unclear) was and he's just as nice and knowledgeable and caring.
The one thing that you could do better is to train all of your reps the way that Jasmine has been trained because she is awesome.
I like my stuff coming in the mail or telephone calls so that but I had a real nice visit with the lady I talked to just a few minutes ago.
Everything was okay I have no problems with it and the one that helped me was very helpful courteous and it was done in a professional way.
It was a good experience I just felt like I was a little rushed the person talked really quickly and I didn't get a chance I felt to ask some of the questions or discuss some of the issues that I had in mind so I felt like it was you know went pretty quickly and precisely which is good but there wasn't a lot of room for conversation about some of the issues.
So I really enjoyed speaking with him and he was yeah.
I just can't say highly speak highly enough the assistance I got today.
The person I spoke to needs more training at understanding what I was calling about.
Well once I was transferred to the representative he was wonderful Bob.
I was very satisfied with the agent that helped me she was very informative I have no no problems.
Probably just more being able to be more quickly available to gets to the person I needed to speak with so other than that everything was wonderful.
Could've been done a little quicker I was on hold quite a long time other than that it was fine thank you.
The agent that I was working with got on the line with the person that I had a problem with and they were (unclear) and I don't have anything to complain about.
I don't know of anything that could've been done everything was handled very promptly and quickly and they representative that was helping me was very knowledgeable and helped me understand what the situation was so I'm very satisfied with my experience thank you.
And actually it made me very uneasy I was wondering if I was talking to UHC but that was about it.
He did a super job and I appreciate it.
It's just that I haven't been feeling well so since I went on this other medication I have not been feeling good.
That I finally got on the line with was very helpful.
I can't think of anything you could've done better for me I called because my wallet was stolen and my cards my Medicare cards and the Part D card you know I don't have access to that now but I can say that the person that helped me he called himself Charles was so compassionate for the situation I found myself in that it really was very helpful because of his kindness.
Well I was on hold for a long time but that's okay because my question got answered satisfactorily that's all I have to say I'm satisfied.
Alexandria was absolutely tremendous at helping me.
Very courteous just could not say enough about her.
I was extremely happy with the agent that I dealt with and I can't see anything that needs to be changed.
Nothing the representative was very helpful (unclear) help me out and we resolved the problem (unclear) give me the (unclear) so but he was very responsive and did a great job.
The person I just spoke with was very helpful the person I spoke with right before that kept telling me he couldn't hear me and hung up on me and I (unclear) should've been able to hear me because of everything else that preceded that was heard so I was very unhappy at that first call and had to go through the whole thing all over again all the beginning things that took several minutes so I'm not happy with that person whose name is Robert I was very happy with Mary whom I just spoke with thank you.
I told him I was hard of hearing plus I had ear buds on.
I was helped in the best way that I could be helped.
I waited awhile for the rep to get back but all in all it was very positive experience and your rep satisfied my needs so I enjoyed visiting with him very much.
I can't think of anything you did better for me because you gave me the exact answer that I needed to know and I was very happy with the person he was very helpful and we got it all resolved within just 30 seconds practically thank you goodbye.
I don't think anything could have gone better because Justin was very thorough with his information.
But she things that it was just a mistake that I got that sheet.
But she it's very difficult to understand heavy Latin accent I would guess.
I was served very well you agent who stayed on the phone with me all the way to working his problem.
It took a lot of phone calls for me to finally find someone that was interested and cared enough about (unclear) what was happening to me to try to do something to resolve it.
Have someone who speaks better English it's hard to understand the man that I was talking with.
I am a neighbor of a deaf person and the deaf person was trying to use my husbands captioning telephone and it was going very well.
I think the person I spoke to did a marvelous job and explained everything to me perfectly.
Randy was wonderful and the other day when I talked to Gilbert he was wonderful.
I had a little trouble kind of communicating and understanding what the person was saying.
Everything was wonderful and always is when (unclear) people call me so I appreciate it.
Perhaps the accent of the person would've been easier to understand I had a little difficulty understanding but it was (unclear) I got the information on one of them and she was very helpful.
Jason was very knowledgeable and there resolved the problem with my doctor retiring ion one phone call and that is absolutely perfect.
He was a little unsure about one thing and he said you just hold on we'll find it.
I had a very conscientious worker but there were a lot of things that seemed to be alluding her including routining my client number etcetera.
Daniel he satisfied it for me very good okay.
Absolutely everything went along very well and the man who dealt with my change of address did a wonderful job.
That's all I asked for and I got what I needed.
I was completely satisfied with my transaction with (unclear) and (unclear) did a great job in explaining things.
Very happy with the lady that helped me so I have no complaints and wouldn't have anything to suggest or recommend.
And I may be now and I'm so thankful and Reggie that I just talked.
he did everything possible that he could do for me and he was very helpful and he did it.
Very courteous very knowledgeable of the question I was asking and so I don't have anything else to add to that need to be.
The one thing that could've been much better was the fact that I could not really understand the lady that I was talking to.
I had a little difficulty understanding the representative I was talking with.
No I had no problems everything went very well good information updated me on what was happening with my bill and I am very happy with the person that helped me.
When I'm talking to somebody who's in another country and they talk fast and they have an accent an older person really has trouble a person also talks fast and has an accent it's very hard to understand.
who speaks broken English and they don't understand me and I don't understand them but my experience with Amber was very good.
I would appreciate talking to someone in my state in my area because I talked to a person in Oklahoma and although she was very good I know you cannot keep up to date with all the buildings that the villages are doing and it's not helpful to talk to someone in Oklahoma when you're looking for someone.
Every time I have called all the representatives have been patient and helpful and I appreciate it very much because sometimes I feel like they could pull their hair out because I don't understand what they're saying and they stay on the line with me until I under it finally clicks in my brain and I understand what they're saying so I thank them very much.
But I was having trouble hearing and I found that a little bit hard to handle.
But and I was sorry to have to ask the person helping me to continue to keep asking.
So they're just going to have to call in the afternoon or whatever but Sara's been good and Bradley the supervisor and also I talked to Marie I think (unclear) but right now this was William (unclear) in Arkansas and he did a good job.
And it's been repeated calls and it's because I've been hung up on and because more so because after the conversation with the representative was over and I went.
The gentleman I talked to was very kind and he was able to solve my problems as own you know putting it into English.
He listened to me he got.
Well I have no complaints about anything right now because everything has been real wonderful and I appreciate it.
Not your fault not the fault of the woman that I talked to she tried very hard to get my questions answered.
I pressed the wrong number for the person who helped me I meant to put that he was really great.
Very nice and he did what he needed to do and we got everything settled.
It was exactly like it should be and I appreciate it very much.
What you know I had a nice agent that I worked with and I appreciated the way he treated me.
Everything worked out great and I wish to give my best to the person that I talked to last.
To be honest I can't quite think of anything that you may need to do better for me because the gentleman I talked to really handled me and my call thoroughly.
Kris was perfect to work with.
They're always there and they're always informed.
I dealt with a lady named Lexi and you could not have been more helpful and wonderful.
I got straight through and spoke in English that I could understand thank you very much.
I don't have any suggestions because my experience was very pleasant and informative.
Well the young man did the best that he could in trying to help me fine a primary physician.
Well actually they were very nice and they took care of all that I needed to know today so I appreciated and in fact they always are nice.
And I appreciate the young man talking with me personally and not having to punch all of the buttons.
He was very helpful and he tried to explain it as best as you know the situation.
The gentleman I spoke to today was fine there was nothing that could've been done different other then him understanding that I need Jocelyn who I talked to before him was excellent and that she had already done what I needed I just need him to check to see if it was there it wasn't so he could've just said that and the phone call wouldn't have took so long but excuse me my call was mainly to praise Jocelyn because I was so upset with UHC she has really restored my faith in you all and I just talked to a sales rep with UHC (Feedback) and she was very good and the gentleman I just talked to Kevin wasn't bad at all he was good too so you've got a few good ones please keep them give them much praise thank you so much.
Well it was kind of hard to hear her and understand.
Very aware of what I was asking.
Donnie was great he gave me the information I needed.
I you know I just don't understand a lot of it I'm older and I need something explained to me very carefully.
The person who assisted named Francisco was excellent person who was at the front of the company because I am very happy with Prefer.
He called the hospital billing and got it all revived and I am very happy.
I'd say he was one of the most pleasant people I've spoken to.
And I think the woman who handled the the representative that handle the situation did a really great job.
The service was great and I couldn't have had anything better.
The person I talked to did an awesome job.
I'm completely satisfied with the way I was treated and I don't think it could've been improved at all upon it.
The only thing I find and it wasn't this customer service rep that I just talked to she was very polite but I find that the people that are on the phone talk fast.
And it makes you think that they're instructed to talk fast because all of them talk fast and when you're talking to seniors it takes us a little bit longer to process what you're saying and when you talk so fast I miss some of the effects of their answers but the young lady was very professional and courteous.
It would have been easier for me if the person I spoke with would speak a little more slowly.
He so sufficient in everything that I needed to know.
It was just excellent service that I received today.
I was just trying to get my benefits straightened out and I wish it was a lot more easier than how it was today.
It was done professionally and I appreciated all of Kevin's help.
So I got through really quickly and was satisfied with the response so I really can't give any advise on that because it worked out as.
I thought it was good experience and hopefully the problem's been corrected.
I had such good service from Kelsey and oh golly I've forgotten all the others but anyway I had three different questions from two different departments and they were all great.
Mark is the name of the person that helped me and this took about 2 and half hours for him to talk to the doctor that was involved in this and to correct information on UHC and he just hung right in there and did an excellent superb job and I would it was highly recommended you keep him as an employee and maybe give him a raise.
I was not able to understand Joseph very plain because he does speak broken English.
I had one issue to be resolved and it was taken care of very pleasantly so I'm most happy.
You had a good representative and he took care of my problem.
I spoke to Dray and actually there wasn't anything.
And (unclear) she made me aware of all (unclear) I just think you all have that I wasn't aware of.
There was no improvement needed the representative was very helpful and quick and took care of the issue immediately.
I think that all the help I've had each time I called was very good.
There's nothing (unclear) that I needed (unclear) very thorough and I enjoyed talking to the nurse.
Your representative was very efficient and knew exactly what was going on.
I think it was Charlotte or Charleane I's talked to did a wonderful job.
So I really appreciate having such a wonderful person that explained everything to me so I could understand it.
And he helped me find out exactly what I needed to know.
Well you did everything right and I enjoyed getting the help that I did get.
I understood everything he told me.
And I know things happen but they've all been very courteous but nobody seems to know how to straighten out the situation which is a very simple thing.
The person I spoke to was terrific and went above and beyond offering me giving me other ideas of things I could do if this didn't work out.
I think over all the representative that I spoke with is very knowledgeable.
I was annoying myself that way I was acting.
The operator was very aware of what I was calling about.
But in the previous I've had some nice people but no one accomplished anything for me so I'm hoping that Renae is the one the who is going to accomplish it.
And I want to also tell you that Optum Rx hung up on me because they did not wanna listen to what I had to say and I was very disappointed with that.
Brandon was very helpful and I got everything that I needed and I really appreciate it.
And each time the representative was very helpful and very nice and looked into it and they didn't seem to see problem that it should be on it's way.
And I've spoke with another clerk for something else and they were knowledgeable and fantastic.
Once I got to talk with her it was very fast.
So I don't know I'm just kind of confused but she's supposed to be calling me back later.
And I feel like that I was the dummy that kicked me in the foot running well after we got off the plane.
I was just not satisfied because I couldn't join the gym here in (Unclear) and that would have been helpful.
the young man just took care of everything that I needed excellent.
I would wish that the representative had been a little bit more quick with her responses.
I could have not gotten a better service and the rep was very helpful and I appreciate UHC Advantage.
And I was having some trouble understanding the person that I was talking to.
But both of your ladies have been just absolutely a delight to talk to.
I could've done better by maybe not talking so long but it did take care of all my issues that I wanted to know about and so I'm very thankful that I had such a nice girl.
I'm disappointed in how much I have to pay and the services the person that took care of me was wonderful.
But other times that I spoken with the representative they've been a great help but today not so good so I was transferred to like 5 or 6 different people like I said.
And he was quite helpful and confirmed what I kind of already knew.
It's good he explained me very well all the things that I need.
But I'm very satisfied that I got a hold of someone who helped me understand more about my hearing aide expenses.
Every time I called and everybody's just been wonderful.
It was a very successful call and they were very good to take care of me.
I enjoyed talking with them and they did went out their way to help me and all the best they can.
So I have I was taken care of by the representatives and I'm very pleased and when I go to the doctor's office if they give me any static I will be calling.
So I can write it down as to who I have spoken to.
'Cause the customer service that I received today was very marginal and I'm not happy about it.
Anyway it was just the information and but she was very helpful.
(unclear) information for me that I needed and that's just what was done today so everything was taken care of in careful manner and also in a caring manner.
He understood what I was trying to tell him.
The service was excellent and (unclear) everything that they tell me.
I felt like I had to go back and ask again what was meant by the questing.
No the young gentleman was very helpful and he went out of his way to make sure that I knew exactly what was going on.
The gentleman I had talking to me and the lady before that that I got cut off when I called earlier they both did real well and I'd recommend them to anybody that needed to be helped.
They've always been really good and really answered my questions when maybe sometimes (unclear) wasn't you know.
it was a nice one but it was one I didn't know the answer to.
The only thing that I would suggest is I really had a hard time understanding the person I was talking with until I.
The way she's pronounces things was a little bit difficult but we managed to get through it and after a while I picked up on what.
if there was something I wanted to know and I didn't know what I wanted and I didn't want to know it was suggested that I can call back.
He went above and beyond and I appreciate it very much.
The only issue I had was sometimes it was hard to understand the person I was talking with because of her accent.
And it wasn't anything terribly serious because I was trying to get back to taking the survey for the woman I had spoken with but I guess the survey didn't take.
And I was calling back for that and instead of being rude and saying well that's the way it goes or brushing me off because that was kind of that was a rather minor thing that happened to me and he could've easily just said well that happens and just kind of moved me along.
as confident as she was that the answers to those questions that I asked were correct because I always figure no news can be bad enough where I'm concerned.
I don't have anything to say because it was all done so quickly and it was very simple and I am very pleased.
You could've not handled my call or my issue any better than the young lady who helped us today.
Andrew did a marvelous job and all my concerns were taken care of.
I could barely hear the person I was speaking to.
Caden did a great job on explaining information that I needed.
So I appreciate (unclear) Ivy that I was working with.
Well the only thing I could see I'm very well satisfied with Dee but I guess she looked through the information and then after speaking a little longer she found it.
I was satisfied with what was done and it really went out you know to help me you know to resolve the problem that I had.
So I'm still a little bit nervous but it I think I have something that I can go back to.
He was very professional and got my problem solved and I'm just looking forward to getting the card to change doctors.
Everything was (unclear) it was just my I couldn't hear too well because I have a hard of hearing problem but otherwise everything went well.
Nothing because it was very good and I was helped out immediately.
I am very dissatisfied with my doctor's office and what they did and the pre authorization procedure but Aurora the representative was wonderful.
Jose was helpful courteous polite did not try to rush me and did his job.
He was a very personable person took an interest on what was going on with my case and made every effort to get it resolved for me and I really appreciate everything he did.
Oscar had kind of a hard I had a hard time understanding him somewhat but other than that he was very helpful thank you.
Everything toddy was wonderful I spoke with the representative with UHC if I pressed the wrong key but I didn't intend to but everything was wonderful.
The person was very nice but after a while it was (unclear) on and on saying the same thing over and over.
I think that you handled everything just perfect and especially this lady Devon whoever hired her they really hit a home run.
The man that I talked to was wonderful and I have no complaints and I would certainly tell everybody how good this company is.
I couldn't say enough about him as he was just the perfect gentleman and adviser and everything else that went with it.
be a little more informative on the dental questions but other than that the lady that I was working with was excellent.
The person I spoke to on the phone was absolutely wonderful I don't know how he could've done anything (unclear) he apologized for keeping me on hold.
Oh the help I received was excellent.
I think everything was fine but I had trouble understanding the person and my hearing's not the best in the world.
I'm a senior and so when the words come by too fast the process is not as quick but other than that he was very patient because I interrupted him to make him slow down so he was very good and I like him and I want more people just like that to help me in the future.
This is (unclear) I've been very satisfied with calling and talking to somebody and getting all the information that I needed thank you bye bye.
(Unclear) was very professional with his dealing with us and handling all the situation.
He was very good at helping me resolve the issue that I had and confirmation of what is covered and what isn't covered.
I think the one thing that could've been done better is that in the product that I am looking for it would've been good if you all had more information available to you as to how I would handle this particular situation.
This time it was $500 and of course we don't know why there's that difference but that had nothing to do with the young lady who helped us who was really wonderful.
You called took care of what I called for and that's all I could ask for.
I felt like I was important and I just loved it.
(Unclear) was the gentleman I talked to and he explained fully what I probably misread into this little piece of paper I have.
Both of them had accents which interfered with their English and made it very difficult for me the customer to understand.
Which I did and every single representative I spoke to had to freaking clue what letter I was talking about it was clearly from you guys.
He really didn't appear to wanna be bothered at the time he accused me of hollering and I wasn't hollering at all.
I had no reason to holler at him or to be upset at him at the beginning of the call at all in fact I wasn't upset but I don't think that he really wanted to be bothered on the phone call.
In fact he was rushed he didn't take time to really help me he told me I could go online I was trying to explain to him how important it was that I need this doctor for my medical condition at this time.
But he just appeared to be rushed he really didn't appear to be wanting to be helpful I'm not gonna say he wanted to be helpful he just didn't want to appear to be not wanting to be bothered with me at the time.
You know nothing personal but I just don't think he was interested in checking at the time maybe he that I was hollering at him like I said and I wasn't.
And I don't him I had no reason to be hollering at him I don't know why he could think (unclear) at the beginning because took there stance at the beginning because that wasn't true.
And after that I don't think he understood what I was trying to say he asked for me name I have a name my name is (unclear) my birth given name is (unclear) and I don't think he really thought that either that's my opinion on that though.
But he was just rushed he was he rushed me and he didn't really wanna go into-.
I had a different guy and like I said you couldn't ask for a better representative.
I understood everything he was talking about so he was really good.
I feel that everything that was done for me in this call was completely above and beyond was so correct and I was very pleased with the service I got when the patients that this person had and the experience means to me and I really and you couldn't have called any better to just call in and be able speak to(unclear) anyone to fix the call and all that.
I've been told what to do and I will check that out and it was a very good experience.
So that's no problem and Cindy was the person I spoke with.
The first person who helped me today put me on hold for a long time and I was disconnected.
Graig was my representative and he did a fantastic job.
He took care of everything I've asked him and he (unclear).
I thoroughly appreciate Morgan's assistance in explaining and it made me realize that it was the family's issue.
So that we can deal with that but Curtis was very good.
So we just wanted to make sure he got credit for what he did today.
I give you a rating only because well the person that I was talking to was extremely helpful.
So it's a little bit frustrating 'cause I haven't really felt that I'm getting my answers.
I want to say his name was Malcolm but I'm not positive.
I don't have any problems everything Neil helped me sufficiently and that's why I like AARP I've had it for (unclear) and my mom had it so I don't have any (unclear) anything I just had a problem and he said that he was sorry that happened.
It was just I can't put my finger on it but it was just not interested it sounded like she was a little tired.
And the second one I had found it very difficult to understand the person that I was talking to.
Everything was very professional and I was able to get my prescription ordered.
The first call my husband was speaking to a representative and he didn't hear the representative say (unclear) so he doesn't know if he was cut off or not so I don't know what happened on that call.
I think the gentleman that I spoke to did a fine job.
You were very helpful and even pointed out a few things where we had each.
I cannot see any further improvement as the people I have spoken to have been highly informative and extremely professional.
I got what I was looking for.
I did have a hard time understanding him occasionally because of I think his accent.
It was hard working with your automated system but once I got to a person it was very nice and easy.
And which I need somebody that has the patience and he was great.
I got things taken care of and George and Kendra I highly applaud.
One thing that was wonderful was speaking with someone who did not have an accent.
Sometimes that can be very difficult to understand over a telephone so I was very grateful to have someone who spoke so clearly.
The first guy was very good the American guy but this guy in Mexico he did his best but it was hard to understand him.
The representative was excellent and she told me things to do that I wasn't even aware of and it was a tremendous help.
Hopefully you do it that way most of the time as there were times I had a bit of not very good experience.
I got the help I needed and I'm satisfied.
It just disappeared somehow I looked everywhere and couldn't find it so anyway I'm very satisfied with all the help he was giving me.
That is awesome and that's why I gave the grade of number 4 on that last questions it wasn't the lady that helped me.
They done a very good job fantastic I was very satisfied with the information I got.
I was talking to to understand what I was saying.
It was a little hard for me to understand but anyway for the plan and all the help I received today was outstanding.
It wasn't the gentleman I spoke to solved it all but I felt a little bit pressured to sign up for something immediately and my goal here was to get information really and make a decision in a few days so it seemed like gets a little over eager getting me to sign up right now otherwise he was good informative and I had no problems I just don't have a lot of information yet to really provide with this survey 'cause I've had a one 15 minute conversation is all I've had.
It would be easier if the people could speak English a little bit better he he's hard to understand but he was very nice and he got the information to me.
Well I don't know who I talked to but she was very good to me.
I think the headset that the person was using is not well fitted and the sound was not very well heard and I do not have a hearing problem thank you very much.
So I hope everyone would have the same personality that Janet has.
So I think different people have different information but Drea that I just spoke to was the best of all of them.
Everything was explained to me the problem that I had and I got a lot of information from Robbie and I can't think of anything that you could have done better.
Rose handled it very efficiently and (unclear) did a good job.
The representative was extremely helpful and spent a lot of time with me again and there's no way that I can think of that the service could be improved.
The person that I spoke with did a great job.
I understood everything they explained to me.
I thought Desmion handled himself and he spoke the way a representative should.
So I have nothing but good things to say about the service she provided.
My concern was very readily (unclear) and accomplished and I appreciate it.
It sounded like I was talking to people that didn't know what they were talking about.
When I called just a few minutes ago the experience was great.
You gave me everything I needed to know and it was in a speedy way fashion and everything was good.
I did hang up and decided to try directly to you again this afternoon which I did and this afternoon it was a fine experience.
It was a little mistake (unclear) should be it was a good answer and I appreciate it.
You could've explained things better because I was totally in the dark on many things and I spoke with four.
I'm kind of hard of hearing so I didn't quite understand what the lady was saying they were in.
I spoke with Daniel and he was very efficient and I got just what I needed.
I wasn't trying to be rude but I just there was just a language barrier and I understand you know that it's not a big issue but as an elderly person it's just difficult to understand someone.
Anyway that handled our account was outstanding and we did want you to know that we did appreciate it and she was very thorough.
I've had one or two really excellent people I've worked with in the past.
We're still in the process of working on some issues that I have and everybody is trying to do a great job for which I'm very thankful.
It was hard to understand the gentleman that I was speaking to.
We got all the service we needed and appreciate it very much.
My time was a little lengthy but it was not a problem for me today.
he knew what he was doing and he cleared the problem and I think everything was very satisfactory on this call.
He was just excellent beyond all my expectations.
And it really lifts my heart because I was always in customer service.
(unclear) did an outstanding job and corrected the problem and was very pleasant and easy to work with.
The gentleman that helped me Cody was very helpful and I don't need any more information he was great.
I think everything was done to my satisfaction and I think the people that I spoke with on the other end they were courteous and kind and I think everything went okay.
It did understand what I was saying but it took I think too long.
it was hard for me to understand the woman that helped me.
Your representative was very helpful to me and I don't have any (unclear) that I received.
It seems like I was talking to the one person and they transferred me to somebody else and that person really couldn't help me either.
This Rico was absolutely fantastic and he was able to give me all the information that would help me.
The only thing he could have done was set up my appointment for me but he was very helpful.
The person that took care of me was fantastic and I'm very happy with the results.
Everybody treated me nice and gave me a lot of information.
I pushed eight for how satisfied was I.
I just wanted to comment on the person that I spoke with.
He was very patient and I just think he needs to get a raise which that probably won't happen.
I worked at a hospital for many years and they pointed out what we did wrong but not what we did right.
The supervisor I talked to was very helpful and understanding and will be taking care of the issue I had.
I just wanted to say that Adolfo was absolutely wonderful to speak with.
I think you did absolutely great because I had some problems with my blood pressure medicine and our pharmacy came on and told me not to take this one so I think (unclear) overall it was excellent because I would have taken 2 or more to get me (unclear) 25 so I was told not to take this one 5 milligram until medication comes so I was very appreciative of that so thank you.
Everything was fine and I have no suggestion right now and I appreciate it.
And I've been very sick and he cried on the phone with me which I felt was a blessing because I'm.
he was wonderful too when I talked to him 6 months ago.
He explained everything (unclear) that I understood.
I'm perfectly happy with the way I was a representative by Jason and he did a very good job.
But this was Shawn he is superior I don't know how many Shawn's you have but the one I had is superior.
So he made me feel better and it was the right medication.
Otherwise it was great and I did get the answers I needed.
And your rep was very nice in trying to reach them.
And he is really an asset because he was somebody with the (unclear) to help me.
Which I thought is very nice of him.
I said everybody treated me good respect and stuff and we got everything resolved and it was I talked to 2 different people this morning and they both are very nice and got it all resolved.
I think that it could be a little bit better as to when you go from stage 2 to stage 3 but the service operator today on the phone she was very good.
There's nothing you could've done better for me because everything was answered and I got a greater understanding of what was going on.
But I wasn't quite as frustrated yesterday and didn't have to speak to a supervisor.
And so I need someone who speaks very clearly without an accent and I'm sorry about that but you know.
Actually I don't think the young man I spoke to could've done anything more than he offered to totally take care of the problem for which I called thank you.
Been more helpful had to be transferred 3 times first person didn't seem to understand what I was asking so I was a little annoyed.
I shouldn't have had to call on it and you know I mean your representative was quite polite and everything so you know she was fine.
Well really I was extremely satisfied with the help that I received and I can't think of anything else you can do.
So it was difficult to hear the person that was helping me.
And I'm very disappointed with 20 minutes wasted on the line with 2 people who knew nothing before I got this wonderful gal Sandy.
that talked to me today was absolutely wonderful.
He really explained a lot to me today.
It was a pleasure to deal with Christina today.
Everything's very well to my knowledge and her knowledge.
I understood everything that the customer service rep was talking about.
He even went beyond what I asked for and he gave me excellent care.
I thought it was excellent the way he handled it so I don't have any negative.
I think the representative handled it very well and I got the understanding of the insurance that I have.
And did have an accent that was a little bit difficult for me to understand and but other than that it was a really quick call.
You did everything perfectly well and a young man from West Virginia named Matt was excellent.
I think that everything went well I didn't have a long wait time they connected me right away everything was explained to me and I was very pleased thank you.
I had to tell you when I liked to call preferred one I don't call often but when I call I had so nice people.
Every time I've dealt with them they have been a pleasure and they've been very professional.
The Jose did a great job explaining things to me and that's it.
I (unclear) completely satisfied with the serve the assistance that I got from the party that I spoke to.
She's 94 I was helped it was I was listened to.
Everything was handled very professionally and the person that helped us did a great job.
He was very nice very helpful and he gave me the number to Humana 'cause that's what's on this paper since that I've been with AARP since the first of the year.
It was very nice and Kurt did a very good job and I could understand his speaking too which sometimes when you call customer service you can't understand the words the person is saying.
Very informative and found a few things that I didn't even ask for so I enjoyed talking with him.
So the gentleman that helped me was very professional and I got done what I needed to get done.
And the person that I spoke to a week ago did not call me back and did not help me at all.
I called twice before I got this young lady.
I really felt better have the representative sounded more confident in her answers.
I had a denial and the gentlemen tried to help me the best he could.
I enjoyed the conversation and I enjoyed them taking care of my problem.
It was really a privilege to speak with her.
Everything was fine it was the renew rewards program and I took care of what I wanted to do and the people are very fine.
You did a great job I got everything I needed.
They've gone out of their way to be extremely friendly make sure they research everything I needed and doing fine.
But anyway other than that and the representative was very nice that I talked to.
The person I talked with was very helpful and took care of everything I needed.
Yesterday I hung up (unclear) but they had also assisted me very well just as well as they did today.
You know there's nothing I can say about this except that the conversation between the representative and me was tremendous.
I don't know the service was terrific I know it took a long time but they finally was able to resolve my situation.
I didn't know what to do or how to do but talking with the lady that helped me today I won't forget it.
He did a wonderful job of delivering bad news and I was very impressed.
'Cause today nobody knew what I was talking about until I got to Natisha.
I had a few confusing moments when they transferred me around but other than that it worked out fine.
verify it because I find it hard to believe but she was terrific.
The problem the only problem I had was they were having computer trouble but they're going to call me back so I really appreciate that and Brenda was very pleasant and very helpful.
I enjoyed the call and it was my problem was satisfied.
the call was great informative and I learned a couple new things today and I was very happy and that's all I've got to say I spoke to Darren and he was absolutely great.
Jamie was a absolutely so professional so I don't have anything to say except good news for her.
I've spoken with 3 representatives in the past 3 days and they were all very nice very polite.
Actually Justin was the person I talked to and he did everything correctly and was very helpful and I can't think of anything that could have been done better.
Everybody took care of my problem right away and it just seemed my experience was very good.
Yeah everything was fine except I was calling about my brother that passed away and there was like no option to push I mean and I know you don't probably say(unclear) people that died but it was a little frustrating not to have at least another option you know finally I did get to talk to somebody but that's all I had to say otherwise everything was great.
I felt very uncomfortable and I just feel I don't know if people are requiring more training or if it's just a level of supervision but I will tell you to have two back to back I'm very disappointed.
They were real helpful every time I've called.
I figured out what the problem was and I'm very pleased.
I just think the process is very difficult for the girls to do but they've been wonderful about it.
I have always been helped and my minds relieved when I have spoke to any of your agents there.
They did the best they could for what I was asking and for the time that I called.
This person which was a Latoya was more helpful than usual and I appreciate it.
And I've got a hold of someone that was knowledgeable and he took care of everything.
I only wanna give praise to the one and only person that's helped me Maureena Argetha.
he was a perfect to deal with and resolved my issues and encouraged me to (unclear) and so this is (unclear) was very satisfied.
It was very good took all my information and we happily said good bye.
The issue is still needing to be fixed and I was very satisfied with the young lady that helped me.
That's the three problems I have and they don't quite understand me and I don't know the name of the girl I talked to.
I wanted to say that the agent Jusmarie was extremely helpful.
And we had been working on it since then but no one was able to hang with me and get it fixed until Kevin came along.
I've been pleased with everyone I've talked with in the past couple of weeks.
Was very satisfied that James was able to finally (unclear) solved the problem that I was having.
Everything was fine and the gal we had was very courteous and we didn't have to wait two hours.
I really don't think you would've had to do anything better because I talked with Mark and he explained everything to me and it just sound like he knew exactly what he was talking about.
The only thing I would suggest perhaps is that since there is a phone number there it would've been good if I got a phone call back because we got disconnected but perhaps she felt that she was through with the conversation.
I received excellent service today from Joyce and I can't think of one thing that you could have done better.
They did the best they could do and I was happy to receive their good service.
The agent I talked to did a good job and took care of what I needed to know.
I was not dissatisfied I just felt bad that it took him that long to look it up and I think that's probably something to do with your system.
The only issue I had was the person that I talked to I had a little bit of a hard time understanding his English.
He was very cautious of what he said but I just had a little bit of a hard time understanding his.
Once again he was very helpful as all the other representatives I have talked to.
I don't see anything better because I had a very knowledgeable agent.
He talked to me and he made me understand that what I could do and everything.
The wait time was a little long but I the service was very good once I got ahold of an agent.
I mean we talked about a lot of stuff that wasn't quite to the topic but he was very nice very nice and I would talk to him again.
Everybody was very polite the representative was wonderful and he asked me if I needed to know anything else that he could help me with.
I liked my representative and we got things taken care of.
took a lot of time to explain what I needed to know and I'm very happy.
And he was there for me.
The representatives I spoke with were truly outstanding and I want them to have a 10 however that's impossible on my phone.
I enjoyed finding out what I needed to know.
Help me with to explain some things that I didn't know and I was perfectly satisfied.
So I don't know for sure how it all turned out yet but it's been very good.
I think the receptionist did a very good job.
I think you did everything I needed and I'm completely satisfied with the service.
The representative was fantastic he helped me locate a place I need a knee brace and he was great help.
Aaron took good care of me and I don't have no more questions or nothing like that.
Oh everything was the person explained things right so I was satisfied.
No your explanation is on my particular problem well it was a little disappointing to me but at least it was very thorough and I appreciate the service.
The call was handled very professionally and I don't have any issues.
The representative did a fantastic job and what I needed to get done was out of his control but he gave me other numbers and other options which I should be able to take care of business thank you very much.
I don't think you could've done anything better I called 2 days ago and there was a file there that he knew Brian knew exactly what I had spoke about the day before and took him a couple of minutes to get what I needed do what I wanted to do and everything was great.
But in the past I have been (unclear) very late to be picked up over 40 minutes sometimes and that is not good enough and nobody called to say that they were going to be late but today was excellent thank you.
I just wish that I had been notified when I originally signed up that I had not been enrolled in the Platinum (unclear) is what I thought I was.
I have no concerns about how I was helped today.
I've been treated quite nicely every time I've had a question or anything.
I would say the only thing is that it was hard to hear new information and take notes at the same time but that really didn't have anything to do with the person that I spoke with it's just that I needed to write it down so that I could do the right thing.
Brian was great he was the representative we talked about the dental platinum (unclear) and I took the option and he was most helpful and I'll give him a nine or a ten very good.
You did it exactly right and the representative I talked to Sean was just very fine.
I feel like entered into a very nice conversation with her.
I wish it was easier to access this information on the computer I seem to be having a little trouble so that's why I called but I'm very happy with the information I received thank you.
But anyway I was very pleased with the lady I had today which is not each time that I call.
The person I was talking to could've listened to me and I'm hold so I don't know what happened to them I'd sure like to get back to customer service please.
I understood the gentleman thoroughly and I'm very well pleased with the whole overall conversation.
I think everything that I wanted today was handled in a very professional and very friendly way and I wouldn't change a thing.
Jim was the gentleman I spoke to today and he couldn't have done anything better than what he did.
I was able to get through to somebody to help me right away and everything worked out just great.
Very politely and we even enjoyed a little bit of conversation about Texas at the end of my discussion.
Very patient very kind very clear to explain to me I have difficulty hearing and remembering and understanding and he was wonderful.
I think it was handled very very well the agent was great with me and I think I got everything taken care of that I asked about.
Everything was just right was perfect very professional very personable and answered all my questions so I don't I can't think of anything.
As of right now I cannot think of anything that could have been told to me that would resolve this issue it's been a pleasant experience and the gentleman I talked to the representative Matthew is very knowledgeable and had a great conversation with him and I think he needs a raise and a promotion.
That's just something that I can't get a hold of right now but I was able to get a few and I'm very glad for the help that I got from the man that was helping me.
And he tried his very best and he needs to get recognized for a job well done.
Well I'm not sure about today's call but yesterday's call I was told I would get a call back today because it was important because we couldn't reach my doctor's office yesterday and I did not receive the call back I was certainly disappointed about that and had to start the ball rolling all over again today and just to be able to summarize the service I have to say that I've had UHC for the last well 10 years actually and it has steadily gone down hill in my opinion so that's all I have to say thank you.
I have a very good idea enough to tell you it was wonderful.
The gentleman was nice and he tried several different things but he didn't solve it at all.
Everything was excellent the young man that helped me was super you need more of him.
I got over in the building I was wondering around in (unclear) and the number of the room and the place they told me (unclear) was not correct it was a complete disaster (unclear) for the doctor that was doctor (unclear) or something like that and he was a palmary doctor not just a primary doctor it has been a nightmare getting this straightened out and I finally got it straightened out today and I because I have gone through my good and I had gotten references from my old friends so I looked up the name of the doctors that I go to and whether or not and I have called to see weather or not they're accepting new patients the first two that they sent me to were not accepting patients.
I really feel reverting that was done for me today was as good as it gets I was very satisfied with the person who helped me and they didn't know the answers and I only had to wait on the line just a few minutes to be connected so I did appreciate that thank you so much.
he said just wait just a moment I want to talk something over with you and then he said okay that's it.
So I don't know what was going on with there but I was concerned.
Actually everything was answered I appreciate the young man's help.
I talked to Rob and he did a great job explaining everything to me and I appreciate it greatly.
So they did as much as they possibly could and they were very patient with me.
Mr Johnson did a wonderful job really took his time (unclear) this program and took the time to explain it to me.
He's like a (unclear) calling a payment and when I have those done then I get them usually sent them in and I took part in the program but there was a main thing is what's (unclear) my enthusiasm and feeling that I had good coverage was because we went around with a guy that talked about it and we took care of each one of these things the primary as far as I could understand he gave me a quick physical you know but and he-.
The person that helped me was very nice and I am satisfied with all the information.
Ruby the gal I talked to explained everything so that I fully understood my problem and that was (unclear) so just continue to the employ the caliber of people you have and the training they get I am 100 percent totally satisfied with Ruby.
I think that she was pretty good explaining things right.
Well actually you couldn't have done anything better for me you talked about the problem that I initiated a couple of days ago and you took me told them I had to wait long it's being dealt with and they're going to forward the letter to me and the 2 representatives I've spoken to over this were both very nice very efficient and very pleasant so I have no recommendations to make it any better because it couldn't be any better thank you very much.
I had a very good person take care of me his name was Ricardo.
He knew what he was talking about he knew what he was doing.
I'm sorry I don't have anything today because both of the employees I talked to were very nice very kind and very understanding of the fact that I was concerned about paying my account.
(Unclear) was very good I appreciated everything he did and he went a little further than most people would have.
I think I hit the first two numbers wrong but she was excellent.
Today was very good the service was the gentleman who helped me was well informed and very courteous but a couple of months ago I was not that happy what I they weren't informed well enough maybe I got a new person each time but they were (unclear) and not actually it was excellent but I have no complaints today or suggestions how to do it better bye.
I spoke to David and he carried out everything absolutely perfectly that's all bye.
Well I really don't know what you could have done better but after talking a length of one lady who was trying to resolve my member.
I'm talking to nursing services and I found that a little upsetting after as long as I had been on the phone with the other lady.
Because everything was done in the conversation that I had with the party that I spoke with.
Because I've been running around for two or three days here trying to figure this out and going into my doctor's office to get (unclear) the last operator I spoke with was very courteous and (unclear) for me but (unclear) do this once in a great while it's rather confusing.
I just got off the phone with FeFe who was amazing and you guys have the best staff.
I just wanted to let you know and FeFe ranks top ten.
I everything I wanted was done was complete and I'm satisfied with it thank you.
Everything was handled perfectly and I have no complaints and I see no area where you can improve so I was happy with my experience thank you.
Did a good job he helped me change my address and change my prescription plan did a great job and explained everything thoroughly so I'm really very happy.
And I just I'm a little disappointed I kept going around and around.
Actually Henry was extremely helpful it would've been nice if we could've had a conference call to where he call to but he was very efficient in getting me information that I requested and I really appreciate his good service.
I am very satisfied with the conversation and the representative Edgar I would have never guessed he was in another country he spoke such perfect English and he understood my southern accent without a problem so I have no complaints and nothing to improve.
My connection was bad and I had to recall otherwise everything else was fine.
Well it's a hard question I mean everything was resolved and she was to the point and it was.
The agent today was very friendly and she answered all my questions and is sending me out what I need and there's nothing you guys could do better you guys are doing a great job so but the tech the agent today was especially good so anyway that's all I wanted to say.
I did not get his name but he was good.
Felix was the representative and he was very helpful and he's calling me back on Monday so I appreciate it and then he connected me to someone else at Pfizer benefit center Jose (unclear) and he was very nice too.
The representative was just outstanding and patient and we resolved any issue that I had and it wasn't (unclear) it was my misunderstanding.
So he got to it real quick and was absolutely wonderful.
Every time I've spoken to a service rep they have been so helpful more than willing to answer questions in going to get what's necessary.
Other than that I was speaking spoken to a few associates of your firm and they were peaceful and knowledgeable.
Could've known what you were talking about because didn't I didn't understand a thing you guys were explaining to me.
I had to talk to four different people before I got where I was going so that could be done a little better.
The first guy I talked to was very unhelpful the rest of them finally got me to where I was going where I wanted to go.
Well Bill went out of his way was really great.
The details were not explained to me well enough that I understand what she was talking about.
worked out perfectly and the guys are doing great job.
This last call with Jeanette was probably the one call that I made today that was above and beyond satisfactory.
I think he was excellent and I didn't need any more help the gal I talked to named Andy she was really good and it was short and she answered my question.
I'm completely happy with the conversation that I had my issue was addressed.
Everything was just perfect for me and I had a wonderful representative.
He did everything that he were supposed to do and made me feel very comfortable with the conversation it was a very nice gentleman.
The young man Charlie was very helpful I had a bypass and I don't have my membership ID and I was panicking because I need my medicine and he handled it very well.
I cannot make a recommendation she was great.
No he took very good care of me with being kind and so forth.
So I have to listen very carefully.
was very sad to have to leave you's but unfortunately had to do it.
Sharell the assistant was wonderful dedicated and driven to try to get my problems solved.
What I thought applied and she confirmed that yes that that's.
did her job very well but I would say was less than a total absolute expert in knowing all the plan details without having to look something up and that's all.
It's just that I had a hard time understanding the young lady that was I was speaking to.
He said I was too opinionated who I want to see.
This doctor was so rude I don't plan on going back to him again.
The guy was real good at giving me the information that I needed.
it was a pleasure speaking with him today.
He had a very heavy accent and it was difficult for me to understand him but he did his best I think.
I could understand everything he said which was rare for accents.
Probably did a little bit more knowledgeable and maybe just a tiny bit more.
I spoke to a Jackie and Jackie was very helpful and there's nothing else that I needed.
He got me exactly what I was looking for.
When I spoke with the young man gentleman Zach I believe on his end it was nothing he did.
I could understand him but I really had to struggle to hear.
No the representative was very helpful today and always you know whenever I call.
I had no dissatisfaction with none of the stuff they helped me with.
It was okay I had a hard time understanding with a heavy accent but it was my problem not hers.
No I believe everything was taken care of very efficiently and I was very impressed with the service I got from Justin so I could not think of anything that would improve the good service I got.
She was super great and all of your representatives that I have spoken to in the last three or four days are super but this issue at hand couldn't be resolved because certain places closed at a certain time that we weren't aware of so we couldn't verify anything.
There was a bit of a lull there for awhile where I felt we might have been disconnected but I just hung on and was patient.
Well the person that helped me out was so thorough it was I've never had anybody like that before.
It was a rather complicated call and I think the agent did a good job.
I feel that the burden is not only on me but also on the doctor so I'm going to do my part but I didn't think I got enough detail.
I just felt that we had a little bit of a communication problem but overall it was a good call and I'm satisfied.
Actually it was excellent it look a long time but it was they did the job well.
I think I pressed the wrong button I think I pressed the 1 when I should have pressed the 4 on my first 'cause I was very satisfied.
I'm totally completely satisfied with the person that took care of my issue and I couldn't (unclear) more.
So I guess the guy was that helped me is very knowledgeable.
You know she he provided me all the answers and he knows what he's talking about.
He treated me very nicely.
I think they covered almost everything as far as I know but they were very pleasant and they tried very hard to you know accommodate me.
And so I'm really pleased because they could understand what I was saying and I could understand what they were saying.
The representative was very good he explained everything to the best of his knowledge although my plan is I guess maybe was that it's so confusing for me.
I wish that the person I was talking to (unclear) actually had listened to me and understood what I was saying.
