I think that the girl that helped me did everything to her possibility and knowledge.
I think the person that I talked to her name was Morgan did a very good job and I'm satisfied with every response and the information that she provided.
I was satisfied with everything she told me and I appreciate y'all.
Jessica was so helpful and there wasn't anything she could've done better then she did.
The young lady that I talked to was very thorough and she did everything that she was supposed to to help me and I greatly appreciate her.
I am really upset because I've been on the phone since 9 o'clock with her.
She was perfect I just loved her I called her darling at the end of the conversation cuz I felt like she's my friend.
Liz I talked to Liz and she was so nice.
She explained everything (unclear) guy hung up on me and (unclear) today she was wonderful.
Some time I had to ask her to say that again because I didn't understand you know technology and everything but she took time.
Oh the lady was very quick it was certainly within three quarters of a minute she came back gave me the information I needed which was great.
Nothing I think Catherine was wonderful she resolved my problem right away and I'm very happy with her.
I lost my deal and the lady was very helpful with me getting this payment made.
And I just really appreciate her taking extra time to try to keep with me today.
This is Rachel Shepherd and I talked to a man and he transferred me to a lady and I had wonderful experience.
I spent quite a bit of time on the phone with her and she helped me out the best she could.
Unfortunately it's not her fault that I had this problem but she did send me some information that might be able to help me out but like I said they were both excellent.
But anyway the lady that helped me named Tracy was just wonderful she took care of all my problems and helped me.
you know helped me as in what she was extremely helpful.
But Ann Marie in the Georgia office was very helpful today and as are most of the people when I speak to them directly.
You did exactly what I asked and she was very friendly and nice and I can't think of anything else she could've done.
for a long period before she was able to come back and tell me what I needed to do.
Because the young lady that was assisting me was very thorough (unclear) position that she was getting for me.
So she finally did find one and when I looked online I see that this doctor is highly recommended.
I was calling just to get paperwork of what I spent on medication for department of services and I think she understood me pretty well.
She answered even more questions that I had asked and she was so kind and cheerful and I hope she gets recognized because this doesn't always happen.
She is an asset to UHC and I really appreciated her ability to take care of my situation.
Lacy not only changed my physician but she also made my appointment so I was very happy with her service.
The girl that I talked to was a great help and I really appreciate her help.
Andrea was excellent and I'm looking forward to getting the directory within the 7-14 days that she said that I would be receiving them.
And the girl I talked to was very nice and you know when I got done talking to her I feel a lot better now.
I explained to her that my previous doctor is no longer there and that it is the same office but she still insisted that I should see the doctor that is gone.
And the lady that helped me her name was Mae and she took care of everything.
She went and elicited help from another rep that was able to give her the correct answers so I thought she did a great job and I really appreciated her honesty.
I spoke with Angie and she was absolutely fantastic.
The person I spoke to could have looked a little further and seen that when I asked her if there was a generic to be main drugged at the very end of all the alternatives she came up with it.
I am her daughter and it has always been quite easy to find the information I need.
You did very well and the gal that I talked to was Christina and she answered everything that I needed to know.
Must've called 10 or 12 different people at various hospitals and pretty much got everything back in order for me and she didn't have to do that.
I was just really calling was clear but Cynthia did a great job.
And yesterday there was another person that she was extremely so rude so (unclear) that finally I got so frustrated I had to hang up.
So I just wanted to say that that person I don't know her name because I didn't hear it and she you know the telephone was a little bit too quiet for me.
Yes my representative was Alexa and she took care and resolved all the issues that I had.
The young lady that spoke with me got everything resolved right away thank you.
You know it's great and she is extremely nice really answered all my questions and that's all I have to say.
That would've been a great big help 'cause I've got to get her on the phone and my daughter is learning-disabled.
So again the young lady that was helping me today she did a super job.
I had to really concentrate on you know listening very carefully to understand what she was saying.
I just wanna say that Edna really helped me.
Everything was done perfect and Shelby was the representative I spoke with and she was very helpful and helped me with some items that I wasn't even aware of.
Pamela took my phone call and she was unbelievably knew everything and did everything she could possibly do to help me.
She was just plain wonderful and she even checked to go online and see if there was a doctor that I wanted to know if he was participating or not.
And she did that and like I said she just is wonderful and I just wanted you to know that and if she gets it in writing let her know that she's okay.
She just did everything that I asked her to do and she also told me about other coverages that I could take advantage of and things.
Kaley was my agent and she helped me with everything I needed.
I had a very good person that I spoke to and she helped me very much.
And I couldn't have been happier and there was nothing else that she could've done to help me because she did everything and she did it correctly.
I if I were to ask I would ask for her again because she calmed me down and was very polite.
I don't know what she could've done better because she really did help me and give me different ideas and places to check for what I was inquiring about.
Well the girl was much more helpful and gave me much more information than anybody else I've talked to today and you can tell her that.
She is really nice and she's really good at her job and so you need to tell her that I said that.
Just the representative Tina was thorough and whatever she was not questioned about she got advise from.
But your young lady that answered the phone had a lot of patience and I was not the nicest person tonight.
But the person we called and talked to on the line explained that that was taken care of and it does not really reflect in her record that we picked it up.
I just enjoy talking with her and learning what I had asked for.
And I was really impressed with how great that she had everything well (unclear) for me and explained everything in detail so I rate her as excellent.
Her name is Joeget and I appreciated lot the way she had the handled these problems that I have.
The attendant that I talked to help me through a very difficult thing and I really appreciate it.
I think the girl did an excellent job for the information that I was getting off of her.
I have always had such courteous or knowledgeable people to talk to whenever I call UHC and (Unclear) the person I talked to today was just as nice as she could be.
I just wish I could get her direct line so every time I had to talk to y'all about a health problem I could talk to her.
Talked to a representative named Sarah and she couldn't have been more kind and helpful and there's just so much to remember I hope I remembered it all but I can always call back.
I don't know what her name was but she done really good.
So I quick said give me an agent and they gave me a nice lady by the name of Roberta and she looked it up and for some reason I had two numbers but it's all taken care of.
She's an asset to the company and I really appreciated all the help she gave me.
It was excellent service and it couldn't have been better than what she helped me with and took care of my needs.
the lady that took care of me Christina she answered the.
I actually asked her if she was having a bad day and from then on she just did not seem.
Everything was answered for me and I am going to have my daughter call back because I'm almost 90 and I want to make sure that I understood everything right.
I received Erica and she was fabulous she helped me about the shingles shots how much it would cost on my own and also I asked her.
Laquonda helped me out tremendously today and she got some information that I had never gotten before on this same matter which I'm going to have a dispute against Saint Johns Medical Center in Longview Washington.
They were so professional that Gabby was just very helpful and I really appreciate all the work that she done because she went above and beyond her job I believe.
I spoke with your representative her name was Lavonne I don't think she could have done anything better.
colon guard issue quickly but she being very sweet and trying to find (unclear) the website for that was not working.
The young lady was very patient with me and as far as I'm concerned there's nothing you could've done any better.
Rochetta I believe is her name did a fantastic job she was very pleasant and gave me exactly what I needed.
She was professional well trained matter of fact I'd say she went the extra mile and that meant a lot to me.
I don't know I talked to somebody named Linda and she was very helpful.
We were talking to someone didn't know what the h*** she was doing and I'm really angry.
I don't know what her name was but she was great.
Alright I was pleased with the woman who got my order and took it today.
Couldn't have been any better she was absolutely lovely and patient.
She was very helpful and I would that if I had a problem that she would be the one that I would take to because she was very helpful.
She helped me resolve my situation which I really appreciate and I would highly recommend UHC.
She took care of my basically my every prescription need so and I understand that that would take a while but it was just kind of lengthy.
We've been on the phone for about two hours but I thank and appreciate all that you've done.
Who ever worked with me today she was really great and I appreciated her.
I was helped my someone named Francesca who was excellent at her job.
She helped me with everything that I needed and went really beyond what I needed and made sure that I was taken care of that she got me a provider.
I mean she was just fabulous I just can't think of anything else that would have improved her helping me.
She went out of her way to check on an issue that I was asking about and I appreciate all the help she gave me.
The young lady that I spoke to spent 30 minutes on the line with not just me but 2 different entities of UHC to get everything straightened out then she came back and apologized for a problem that wasn't even hers it was in a computer system.
Actually the girl that I spoke to handled everything professionally and there isn't anything else that she could have done or told me.
She was very helpful very professional very nice and patient and because I received two bills from them and she really helped me to find out that I do not owe any money.
I don't think you could've done any better than what Kelly did Ms Kelly did she was terrific she was patient and she took the necessary time to solve the issue of some missing reports and I'm very grateful that she did.
I don't think that there was anything that really could've been improved because the person that I spoke to being Sara was very knowledgeable and really helped me through the whole questions and I know it was a long phone call but she really helped me in every way so there couldn't have been anything different.
Pam was the agent that representative that answered and she did an excellent job.
the service that I just received and the person that I talked to her name was Kelli and she was very helpful and she took care of the business as far as I'm concerned.
Couldn't satisfy my need because I called too late but she was wonderful.
Told me what I had to do and I thank her very much.
She was able to help me and I would say I'd like to talk to Karen any time I have to call you guys because she was wonderful.
She went into detail and I fully understand now what I called about and hopefully I won't have to call back and have it re explained because she was so thorough.
However because of the very nice young lady that I spoke with on the phone today I feel more at ease and I feel that I'll be able to pay my policies in the next day or two.
Well I think she helped me to the best of her ability and I appreciate it.
Everybody's just excellent and Mohamed I don't remember a certain department that he's with actually saved my life because two medications I was taking was interacting and I probably could've had a stroke and he was so awesome so wonderful and I did speak with a supervisor to let her know.
There's really nothing I spoke with Kamiesha who was very helpful and she helped me get the problem solved.
Oh the lady I spoke with was very helpful but don't think she could've done anything more than what she did.
She helped me with exactly what I needed and I appreciate her help so much.
She was a (unclear) nice friendly and not delayed 3 months to take to do it and that's my message from today.
She kept me on hold but I didn't mind because she got all she needed to ask somebody her supervisor how to do this and as I said she gets a gold star for the day.
Elizabeth B helped me today on my billing with one of the hospitals my husband was in and she was so nice and she was so helpful.
So I appreciate getting her today and it was Elizabeth B that helped me out today.
She had plenty she took plenty of time and she went to the the biller and we sat on the phone together so she was excellent.
I'm completely satisfied with the response I got from Heidi she was very helpful cordial knowledgeable her mannerism was excellent and if I could give her a bonus I would.
I just want to see what my coverage included for an upcoming surgery and she was very helpful and explained it to me quite clearly and concisely so thank you very much.
She was very kind and she listened to my problems and was able to resolve my issues that I had.
It's frustrating and they're two very important doctors and that's my primary doctor and heart doctor so now I have to find two new doctors that's are in network because I just can't afford what happened but the representative I just spoke with explained it all to me and she did a great job and I wish everybody was as conscientious as her.
She not only helped me with what I called for but she went above and beyond helping me by calling my doctor's office and setting up my annual wellness visit which I totally appreciate and I actually called in to get a CPAP machine and she was so helpful.
So I can't thank her enough she was absolutely phenomenal.
Other than that the young lady that took care of me was excellent and my problem was not a serious one was resolved immediately.
Mary was fabulous with all the information that she provided for me and I just want to thank her for being so knowledgeable.
I got a lot of help from the representative and she did a good job.
Talked to the first young lady then transferred me to the department I needed to be to and she was great.
You could not have done anything better that woman was very helpful and went out of her way to help me.
You did great and Emily was the one that helped me answer my equations and she's awesome.
I think the lady that helped me Liz was very helpful and I could understand her very well.
And I gave them to her and she told me very professionally how much my share would be which is about half of what they said they what they billed me.
Wasn't nothing else she could really do 'cause she helped me real good and I appreciate that and she took her time to listen to my problems and I liked (unclear) too and I enjoy always want to talk to someone to kind of tell them what's going on.
She took the information and she went up and beyond and she found out the answer so I have to say kudos to Crystal and she was great and really keep up the good work because you have a lovely bunch of people there.
Tiana was very knowledgeable and she tried to find the answer that I need and she did.
I could not do it and I wanted to give Janice a really good recommendation.
got the feeling that I was important enough even though I'm getting older for her to take the time to explain and that that was who she really worked for was us.
But the lady that helped me with my problem is really very nice and I did like her a lot.
Mary was so helpful and got my problem resolved in a matter of minutes.
The gal that helped me was extremely helpful patient kind and solved all my issues and so I was trying to give her a perfect 10.
I felt at ease and OK with the answer she was giving me.
Actually the lady on the phone did an excellent job and I don't know what she could've done that was better because she solved the problem and stood with me to make sure it was solved and I appreciate that.
Mary handled it courtesy and very pleased with who I talked with.
I mean she was very pleasant nice to talk to and she understood everything that I needed and she helped me so I'd give her a raise.
This time she (unclear) she tried to help me (unclear) appreciate it she did a nice job but I have to wait and wait and I don't have any answers yet.
Well I'm very satisfied with my conversation and the results I got and the action that was taken by Natasha she was extremely nice polite and did what I asked her to do and I couldn't have asked for anything better so I can't think of anything better that she could've done.
She told me it is okay and it's on the level and I also told her about I went to the emergency room on the on the 29th of April and I did not see a doctor.
So I made sure that I told her that and she was wonderful.
Very helpful and I wish I could get Stacy every time I call there.
Oh everything she done was great and I appreciate her and she took her time to find the information I needed and I just thank God for her.
I felt she was knowledgeable and she helped me and now I can make some other calls after hearing what she said.
And Terrie is her name she was excellent in helping me to gave me the information that I needed.
I received some excellent information from your representative (unclear) and I really enjoyed speaking to her tonight so I just wanted to say that I really (unclear) information and that I also found out about the colon cancer test that you can take that can be shipped from UHC and I had been watching the commercials on TV a great deal and you know and I was just shocked when it was mentioned to me and I just wanted to say she cared to see if I (unclear) my checkup and various tests that I should take you know to stay healthy but she was excellent that's all I have to say and I enjoyed talking to your representative (unclear).
As far as Charlotte was concerned she was very helpful and she is mailing me out a copy of that so I will have it and I do appreciate all her time and effort in getting that information for me.
Everything was excellent and I particularly the young woman who is the representative who handled my call Rona I think she said was Rona was excellent in all respects.
She was very very good but I have to leave for an appointment now and she promised to call me back at exactly 1:00 PM and we'll continue the conversation.
Well the young lady was very pleasant but she couldn't explain to me that my request was denied and they're saying because of obesity and I'm actually not obese and she couldn't understand that and she didn't seem to have seen it before.
The representative was totally completely helpful she resolved all the issues and there's nothing better that she could've done.
I don't think that anything could've been improved she was very knowledgeable and efficient I'm not sure how she could've improved on her delivery at all.
I think the girl I just spoke to couldn't have done anymore than she did she had even transferred me to the mail order pharmacy who didn't help me but I really appreciate all the help thank you.
I can't think of anything she was kind she was courteous she was professional she answered quickly she had all my answers I just found experience very nice very pleasant especially this early in the morning.
It was an enjoyable talk to her and she was great and she wanted to help me to find out if everything was good and everything was great.
And then I spoke to Clementine over at the awards plan representative and she took care of my gift card for the annual visit wellness visit and I was totally satisfied with both representatives so it's absolutely a wonderful experience and it was really nothing that they could have done better thank you.
The representative was very helpful and she spent a lot of time finding doctors that I needed to be in my network.
Yes the last person named I don't (unclear) her name in the department I think she really needs to either take a charm pill or something like that because it was a very bad experience it would have been a very unprofessional unethical and I think that that she needs to put her personal life in check (unclear) take it out on a recipient in regards to if it was going to be something where didn't ave the proper information to provide but guaranteed was right so I wanted to speak to supervisor.
There was nothing better you could've done for me except agree to pay for all surgery which is what I called about but the lady I spoke to was phenomenal she was very helpful and I appreciate everything that you do thank you.
I can't think of anything you could've done better because everything was real good and I had a good conversation with a lady I talked to and she was real nice and that's all that matters.
Her name was Lucy she was very helpful in the past they were they didn't know or they could not answer all my questions.
Well I don't know of anything could've been handled much better the lady was very kind very nice and a lot of it because she couldn't get any further because of the information that I had to give her.
I didn't have everything that I should have had to explain to her to let her know exactly what I was up against but I think she handled it very well.
Natalie was my representative and she did a great job for me she searched a dental facility she checked a copay and set up the appointment and just made me feel like she really cared.
Patty gave me references for I might get help financially and she went out of her way to help resolve my problems and go through clarifications for me.
The lady that I got I was calling about the shingles shot and the coverage and she was very thorough with it plus helped me with some other things (unclear) website for the virtual visit and I appreciate her nice help.
I was very satisfied with the service that I received today and our representative she couldn't have done anything any better than she did today.
Hi all I'm going to say Misty was very good and she explained I think (unclear) it was really (unclear) see I'm confused 'cause (unclear) and I'm kind of screwing everything up.
Everything was done very good very professional and I would like to give credit to her name was Verronpa and Corey.
The customer service rep I had today was fantastic and I hope you're able to recognize her after I hang up but she was amazing.
I was very satisfied with the person that was on the line with me and she helped me in a couple of ways and I appreciated it because I wasn't feeling very well.
So I mean we spent a long time on the phone this lady and she was a really sweet lady and she did everything she could and all of a sudden the computer wiped everything off.
I spoke with Kristin and she worked very hard to resolve this issue for the bill for me.
Absolutely nothing and the young lady who took care of me was just wonderful friendly personable and answered all my questions.
Well I had a hard time hearing the young lady who I spoke to and I was embarrassed I had to ask her several times to repeat herself.
The young lady was patient informative gave me the information that I need and I just think she was wonderful.
I do enjoy getting the information and she took her time to inform me and to help me so she gets a 10.
She did an excellent job letting me know she contacted Optum Rx and they haven't received the fax in the doctor's office yet but they said to give it until Tuesday so and that I could call them to find out what's the best way to ship the medication so she did an excellent job so I appreciate the people that you hire they are very knowledgeable.
I just there's nothing else that at the moment that I really need for you all to take care and the young lady who helped me was Miss Anna Annie so she was great.
Actually Kendra was wonderful she helped me.
The young lady is very nice and she tried to be helpful it would have been a little bit more helpful if she could have been more specific and perhaps that's my fault as much as hers but I didn't really show up I got as much out of it as I could have thank you.
Your representative Shanda was super nice really sweet lady but it seemed like she needed some more training.
I had (unclear) with Micky and I must say there should be more people like that she was very very helpful she was so sweet she would talk to me like I was like if I was an important person not just somebody asking questions and I really really appreciate it very much.
Really can't think of anything your customer service rep was excellent friendly knew what she was doing and took care of the problem in a really relatively short matter of time.
One particular lady over the last several weeks the doctor I was going to was just bizarre and I needed somebody else and he's given some names.
Take that machine or pick up the calls and carry you through once you get (unclear) having some problems connect you to somebody you all could take that off because that's aggravating but anyway's I had a great customer service lady she was nice she's answered all of my questions she went through find the things I wanted to know so it's nothing I can change on her I just don't like that machine when you first call have a blessed one.
The lady I talked to her name was Jo and she answered my questions for me 100% and I highly recommend her and I hope she gets a raise too because (unclear) she earned it.
They were very professional and they handled all my issues so I had a very good conversation with Amanda keep doing what you're doing.
I don't know that you could with Rachael could have done anything better she was very kind and very courteous and if the compute was slow she explained that she did a wonderful job.
Everything was very satisfaction and they took care of the Pam too care of the problem that I was calling about.
I'm not sure there really is anything you could've done better this particular representative was outstanding I mean she listened to everything that I asked her she answered all of my questions and then some and she was incredibly knowledgeable professional kind and helpful.
But today Laurie helped me and she was gonna call me back at 5 today and make sure that everything (unclear) okay.
I think she's just (unclear) fabulous and she took care of all my problems.
I was able to figure things out on the computer by the time she got back to me.
she didn't know the answers and she was trying to look them up and I've been on the phone for her.
like I said I think she was new but she was very nice.
I think she was truly helpful for with the information that I needed.
And she was very knowledgeable so something ought a be done so that when somebody calls in about dental they talk to a person who knows about Secure Horizons Dental and thank you.
So I just wanted to applaud her for all the time and effort she went through to give me that information.
She was wonderful she helped me with my problems and I've had United Health even before I was older.
The person that I talked to her name was Tina she was really helpful and helped me very much and I think that relieves all my problems.
Actually I think the lady handled everything very nicely and she I found out she inquired from other parties about you know what I was after and I found out that I'm ahead of things so that was all that was very fine.
She stayed with me on the phone for an hour trying to problem solve my problem and she was wonderful.
Everything went really well she (unclear) did everything she possibly could to help me and gave me the correct information for next time so I don't anticipate any problems.
Vanessa was great and I appreciate her help and I learned all I needed to know.
Well the young lady that helped me she was very good so there wasn't nothing different you all could habve did.
I didn't know I had Medicaid but she told me I did and she helped me with a lot of issues.
Susan did a good job but she had difficulties finding my group number which is wrong on a card I just received.
So I finally got to got to talk to my big sis and also I hope she gets along real well and like I said take care of her now.
Nothing could have done better she went way above and beyond her call of duty and was wonderful and her attitude was just fantastic and she I had 3 things that I was needed help on and she took care of all of that plus just wonderful and but those answers for the last 6 months have not always been 4 but today it was above 4.
The woman that answered the call was excellent she was very helpful but I had a problem with a call I made prior to this that they told me to switch my sisters health insurance to a different plan and I felt comfortable and now I don't feel that comfortable with the whole situation but it has nothing to do with the young lady that just talked to me she was excellent.
My needs were met and actually Anna is going to follow up tomorrow with another department and call me back.
Helped me with all my medical problems and it was in depth and I really appreciated her.
She helped me get back on I couldn't get on the site and she helped and she was very excellent and very patient.
There isn't one thing that could be better the lady was very clear and very knowledgeable and she did an excellent job I couldn't have anything better.
She was wonderful and I was so glad I got to talk to her.
And actually I had some problems and she was really nice and repeated what I had missed out.
No there was nothing she explained it to me she was very nice.
The lady Michelle that I talked to put my mind at ease but prior to that I was like well how much money and I'm going to have to come up with now.
The young lady really was helpful and explained things to me so she did an excellent job.
The young lady was very helpful and she's going to send me a new providers (unclear).
Very happy with what she had told me and took care of all the problems I had.
Because the person I spoke with went over and beyond to try to help me and I really appreciate her.
She told me what all wellness visit covered and I am very satisfied.
The lady who helped me she was outstanding and (unclear) happy for the help I received.
Everything she said to me was very good and understandable so I think she did a fantastic job.
I wish that my policy covered the singles vaccine but other than that the girl was courteous and I feel that she satisfied my needs.
Actually when I talked to the lady she was very nice and I rated her a nine because I couldn't find the ten thing on my phone.
The lady that helped me was very professional but I wish you guys could do something about the waiting on hold for such a long time.
When I was getting a little upset she never did and she was just wonderful.
She was really quite good her name was Katrina she was personal professional and got all the information I really wanted.
I was just looking to try and get a couple other things and she didn't find that and so she gave me the or maybe she didn't have that available to her immediately.
The young lady Angel that I spoke to was professional and kind and she's patient and she knew what she was doing so there's nothing as far as Angela's concerned that you could do better and thank you very much.
I was had a question about Medicaid and Medicare and lady her name is Berta she helped me feel good and she explained it to me you know easy and that I was just worrying about nothing.
I got through right away with no delay and she was excellent in her presentation of what the benefits are in what can be a very difficult situation when you're calling from the hospital.
But she was very courteous and she just answered all my questions and stuff and just give me I mean she just really taking care of me real good.
She could not have been any more helpful than she was or him who I had to call back 'cause I got lost when I was transferred.
She was incredibly helpful and actually gave me a little bit of knowledge to go with it so I really appreciate it.
Emily the young lady that took my information and could help me find doctors because I am (unclear).
Erin was very good she checked everything for me that I wanted to know and I have no problem with you.
Peggy helped me very quickly very efficiently and very politely and I couldn't have asked for anything more.
You couldn't have done anything better for me because she was extremely helpful and patient with my hearing problem and stuff.
When I spoke with her she herself called directly and she was able to let them know that UHC does they can bill UHC and that I would be covered so I really appreciate everything the effort she has done for me to get everything squared away for us.
It was wonderful so helpful the young lady knew her job and just completely satisfied my questions.
She took time with me she was wonderful and I have nothing bad to say.
Maria helped me and she did everything right and we got it all solved and I was very happy talking to her and I appreciate you guys.
she was just very lovely and I'm so glad that I got her on the other end of my phone today.
I am very satisfied with Gloria who stayed on the phone with me and let me understand what she was doing or try to doing so I'm very satisfied with Gloria.
What you could've done better I was dealing with one person and she put me on hold and totally disappeared and I hung on hold for about 15 minutes and then somebody else picked up and got me and that helped but it was ridiculous when they put you on hold and you get canceled out.
I just thought the world of her and she was very helpful.
She was right on it she listened to me she knew what the situation was and she got it handled for me.
Hi my name is (unclear) I had the pleasure of speaking with Ann and there really wasn't anything more that Ann could do.
I can't add anything as far as what you could've done better because the lady that assisted me today was very patient kind understanding and she answered all my questions so I'm truly grateful.
Everything the reason when I call the associate she was there with me the whole time answering my concerns to me you have the best person in your department because she helped me 100% plus she was considerate she had an understanding for my problem and she was there with me to where I.
left me when I was satisfied and I need to thank you for having her as one of your team mates on the phone to help customers like me that call in they need the assistance it was no never a door closed in my face with her she never put me on hold she never disconnected me she always came back checking with me to let me know she was still working on it and thank you again her name I can't pronounce it it's Oligon she was very helpful and thank you for her being on the phone with me and she was very professional.
The young lady's name was Alicia she just I think she was (unclear) I don't (unclear) has no voice can't hear nothing.
This young lady helped me with everything explained things to me made everything perfectly clear took care of several of my issues.
I called to visit with Amy and I've not visited with Amy in the past but she's the one that helped me with respect to my Wells Fargo retiree benefits with UHC Medicare Advantage PPO plan and I have to tell you that Amy was very knowledgeable.
You could even hear a smile in her voice and she offered to help me with anything else that I could possibly need help with.
She encouraged me to call back if I ever have any questions and that young lady is somebody you need to hang onto.
It was difficult to understand Mona I don't know if she has an accent or if it was the phone she was speaking from but I at times had difficulty understanding what she was saying.
I just I don't know her name and I wish I did but she was great.
I was very happy with her help and she took time to explain things to me which I needed all the help I can get.
So that was my problem for today and the little girl handled it really well and she explained it to me.
The only complaint I would have about the representative that assisted me is that she wasn't very knowledgeable about the medications that I had her check on.
The lady Susie that was on the phone she was at least out to help me thanks.
I mean I spoke to Alexis and she was absolutely wonderful answered my questions alleviated my fears and made me breathe a little bit better.
Camille was a big help to me even gave me some ideas for the next time I have to call for information.
It wasn't on this call 'cause this call Misty was very helpful.
my calling back regarding my husbands bill that he was denied I found out that by my researching the paper work that I kept I found out that the young lady that I had talked to at that time in March she did not follow through with what she said she was gonna do and resubmit that bill to be paid because it should've been paid hands down if that's what they said.
Everything was taken care of that I needed that needs to be taken care of and I really appreciate her courtesy (unclear).
Very courteous very professional very knowledgeable and (unclear) my questions and she got down to it and she corrected it and she helped me and did a great job.
I have difficulty understanding the young lady that helped me.
Actually the whole thing was perfect the lady was able to help me and she resolved my issue and she did it very well so off the top of my head I don't know that you could do any better than that she was very helpful thank you.
Had a little bit of difficulty understanding the customer representative although she was very polite and nice and very kind I just had a little bit of trouble understanding a little bit of what she was saying even though she was speaking English so that could be improved on just a little.
My phone died in the beginning with another lady but she was wonderful.
Yeah I mean I don't even like saying this but I was speaking with (Unclear) today and while she was lovely and really very customer friendly and what have you I could hardly understand what she was saying because of her accent.
I just spoke with Kathy and she was wonderful.
My name is Marilyn (unclear) and today I just spoke with Kathy May 8th early in the morning and it was she knew everything so I think you need to educate.
She was really good and she explained this to me so I understand a lot of stuff now that you know being a new customer and everything.
This call that I just make to Kaitlyn she handled everything perfectly for me and there's nothing that I can add that she resolved the problem that I called her with and I'm very pleased with the way she handled it.
Zakura the girl that helped me was absolutely unbelievable she was wonderful but I'm having a hard time you know a couple of the pathologists that was recommended to me doesn't accept UHC insurance and she's a problem getting into the ones that are accepted.
The person I talked to was very helpful and cooperative and gave me the information I wanted and I appreciate that and I thought she I couldn't say anything more about her but she was great.
Your representative was fantastic and she helped with everything that I asked.
Actually Actually Rachel was very helpful and walked me through what I needed to do so I would give her an A plus.
I had a representative and her name was (unclear) and she was so helpful (unclear) move down to Florida.
Amy was courteous enough to transfer me to whom she thought was the correct department that I needed to be at.
Diena it's Diena I could not understand a word she was saying and I kept having to have her to repeat.
I got answers and the lady who took care of me Jenny was very helpful and I appreciate all that she did that was it thank you.
The first call with Patty was horrible (unclear) nobody was available so somebody should train her or get someone else to do her job.
Then I called back because she said there was no supervisor I couldn't speak to anybody.
Well I don't think the person who I dealt with was very professional she knew what to do and she kept me very calm as I waited on the line.
Nancy was very helpful and I'm glad to get some help after that.
A lot of courtesy and I'm very happy with the help that I received today and her name is Mercedes.
She then put me through to Caroline over in the nurses line and helped me find a (unclear) dentist and some other things might able to help me get through my cancer.
Tracy was the lady who helped me and I think everything was taken care of very well very professionally very pleasantly.
and the 2nd time I called Cynthia handled everything right there and I didn't have to anybody.
Tamika was very pleasant and she tried very hard to do everything she could to take care of my issues.
The person that I talked to today was pleasant and nice but rather inappropriate in the fact that she kept trying to help me finding my card instead of accepting the fact that I've already done everything to find my lost card and she kept saying.
the first girl was Maria and I'm just looking for the other girl's name but both girls were very helpful.
She explained everything well and I appreciate all that she had did and said to me for her help.
The lady I had tried her best to help but she was basically going all over the computer to look for my answers and I don't know that since this is an expensive deal I don't know that I have any more knowledge about it now than I did when I called.
I had to wait on the line a little bit because she had to talk to another department in regards to the computer glitch and so I was very satisfied with her taking care of that.
she was very patient and helping me even though I didn't have all of the information she stayed with me until we could work it out.
Leah helped me out with a question I had and she was quick informative and very pleasant and that's the way it is every time I call you guys.
And if I had to wait on the phone call very long then she would come back and say she was still waiting from whoever she had on the line to get back with her.
She was excellent and very helpful and still if I need to call her back I know she will continue helping me.
The girl named Charity just did absolutely everything and went way over and above for it what I needed and I was so upset when I called.
I needed I'm a disabled (unclear) and I'm just so shaky and I didn't know if I could get out what I needed to ask but she just really helped me a lot.
It was excellent and it's (unclear) I gave it ten (unclear) call someone and (unclear) liked her answer.
Nothing the girl was fantastic and she gave me helping information that I didn't know about.
The representative that worked with my Jocelyn out of Georgia was very helpful in finding out about my in and out of network benefits.
I think you could've done anything better because you guys are always great and I needed to do a survey probably about a month or so ago and I think somebody named Claudia helped me and I forgot to stay on the line and she was fabulous and all your agents are always fabulous.
Mckayla was really good and then I had Heather the first time I called.
She was so helpful and so sweet and just stayed with me and kept trying until we figured out what was going on and I just think she's wonderful.
Mckayla really helped me out and she's the first person that's really dealt into my situation and tried to resolve my problem and I really appreciated her (unclear) and thank you.
She asked me if there was anything else she could help me with.
The person who I spoke with Maya was very professional but she did not get to answer my question in the manner I expected (unclear) improve this experience.
When I got to her I was so upset she calmed me down and she took care of listen to what I was trying to say to her.
I can appreciate Monica today and I spoke with a Randi yesterday and both ladies were very professional and I can really appreciate what they did.
Oh honey there's nothing you could've done any better because the person I was speaking to was very helpful and she gave me all the information that I need.
I just had the worst luck possible and now I'm just going home and I don't want to see another rehab or a hospital but the rehab I'm in now (unclear) started off I had a problem with one of the nurses giving me medicine that I needed and she was very very not good and instead I.
They got rid of her as my nurse and they got somebody else and now it's just been excellent and (unclear) has done the job.
The representative was wonderful but her computer kept freezing and it did take a long time to get my address changed but she was very helpful.
The young lady who helped me gave me very much information and something also for a senior lady like me she has a very good voice.
Nothing you could have did better because she was really Christina was really knowledgeable and she was really courtesy and she need a promotion and I really appreciate everything.
Well I thought she handled the my prescription problem very well.
I've been (unclear) since 2010 and the (unclear) the only thing that helped me to move around and function as a normal person each and every day.
Beautiful voice and just lovely on the phone and she helped me and it was great.
No I think what was her name Brandy was very helpful and I can't think of anything that she could've done better.
'Cause I called and the young lady I just talked to called and she was able to get through.
Marie was the person who was very cordial and very pleasant and tried her best to help but not having an easily available list of dental providers she was not able to tell if someone from the OHSU faculty dental was a member of the plan that I have.
the lady I talked to Tara she was very helpful and helped me resolve my problem and I appreciate that.
I was on the phone for almost two hours with Elaine and she was just wonderful.
It was mind-boggling and she really was able to straighten it all out for me and she's also checking on an issue that the office is closed here in the East already and she's gonna call me back tomorrow.
She really was very good much unlike the person from before Samantha who never even put anything in the computer and didn't make the call that she was supposed to.
I don't think that anything could've been better for me because the young lady was very informative very nice and I felt much better after I talked to her and explained what was going on with me and she directed me to the places and people so I'm very satisfied.
She was a lot of help to me and I sure appreciate her time.
You've had all this (unclear) it was good and respect and helped me out when I needed.
Oh I don't think there is anything Anna was very helpful she answered all my questions that I had and she was very polite.
Everything is perfect she was very wonderful and helped me there's nothing else I can (unclear) 'cause she is super wonderful and I liked her and I say really helped me a lot.
You train how to give a better customer service because she did not give me good customer service because I couldn't hardly hear her her voice was faraway and she just really didn't give me good customer service.
She gave me alright customer service but she didn't give me real real good customer service so you need to train her to explain the benefits in a better way and she need a little more training on explaining benefits and she jut really just really don't need to just be a customer worker because she just don't know how to explain the benefits she needs more training.
She was probably the most informative and polite and good tone of voice the whole bit that I've had before even though the others were helpful in getting me the info that I needed.
But the lady was very nice to me and helped took time to explain it and looked for what I needed to know.
The young lady that helped me was named Alandria and she worked hard with me trying to get my situation solved.
could've been better the girl was marvelous and helped me.
but she was (unclear) today this young lady was able to explain to me probably why I'm getting these calls.
Let her know that I was very happy with the way she handled her service today.
And I just had to do I normally don't do surveys but she was very helpful with me this morning and you should have a million of her.
There wasn't anything you could've done better she was great I really liked her she's a.
The person that I spoke to Crystal she was extremely helpful and went out of her way to get a resolve to the problem with my prescription and I think it's all going to work but she was fantastic.
It took a little while for us to find out if my eye doctor was in the network but she persevered and was able to help me.
I mean the girl did her job to the T and she was very professional about it.
Well I had Melissa doing all the calling to my doc I mean the doctor and trying to get this medication Humira approved and she really went out of her way and I thank her so much.
Tiffany tried to help me and she sent me back to the retirement system where I probably should've gone in the first place and she was very good.
The lady that I spoke to name Krista she was very nice today explained the stuff that even a supervisor did not so she was great thank you.
I was on the phone with her for probably close to ten minutes and she never could get in.
Talked me through what I needed to know about and she just did a great job and I appreciate it.
I don't know of any better because I had a young lady just now and she was very helpful.
There wasn't a problem except a computer problem which I'm used to because I used to work for the state but she was very nice and she's going to call me back when she gets her computer up.
Katie did a great job and Anesha sounded like she was doing a good job last week but as I said she did not call back as she said she would.
I know that the girl worked really hard she went to some tier 3 people to see her research and then she's going to actually call my care.
I just got done talking to Peggy and she is awesome.
Well I don't know that you could have done anything better for me because she answered all the questions I asked.
I talked to a representative name Tye and she was very helpful very nice but the issue has to be resolved later because the computer system wouldn't come up.
I am really satisfied and the lady that helped me Shawna she give me a very big help.
Hello this is Diana Shelton and my review with Carol the representative that I spoke with was so wonderful.
She was so helpful to me and all of your people working with her needs to take instructions from her on how to treat people.
The people that happed me were wonderful Brandy and the young man that just spoke with and they explained it to me and I figure out how I'm going to handle this.
The lady that helped me was very helpful and extremely patient and she had made some suggestions which I am following and you better not lose her.
She told me everything I needed to know I think so thank you.
The last time the lady by the name of Rose helped me 100% she was very nice and got things taken care of for me.
Sarah the representative I spoke to was she was very helpful kind and she did her job to the extreme.
So that's why I had to call customer service and Leah was really great helping me putting my.
She went out of her way to listen to me as well as to help get the medical person there on the other end to deal with what we were looking for.
I was transferred to Amy and I was very satisfied with what she had to tell me.
I can't blame the girl that I talked to because it's not her fault.
So she was very nice when I had to have her repeat something or give me more information.
She was very courteous and considerate so there's nothing that I can think of that she needs to do to improve.
Serena just was 10 isn't high enough for her and the other people I talked to were 10s also but she was a 10 plus.
Probably nothing it was very informational that what she told me so I thanked her and that was all.
This employee (unclear) I just talked to and she was very rude and she spoke over me and just was so fast talking.
I couldn't even understand what she was saying but I just thought that was rude that she was talking over me.
I really didn't quite understand it and she explained it to me.
Everything was done excellent and a great patience and kindness and the assistant she knew what she was talking about and she explained it and I understood it well and I thank her so very much for being friendly and knowing her job and hopefully that the Lord continue to bless her on her endeavors because she hooked up with Verizon.
I would like to give the person who helped me a 10 but I just wanted to make sure that the system didn't think my tens were one so I gave her nines but I wanted to make sure that she got credit for a 10 because she was very helpful knowledgeable professional timely and efficient and thank you so very much.
I understand the company policy that she explained to me but it was not her fault that I didn't understand it.
She was just wonderful and I'm glad I spoke to her and called this morning.
I had a lady named Saundra and she was excellent and took care of everything I needed.
It was a lovely lady and I would recommend you for anyone in my condition with a heart problem and everything there is terrific.
I had a very professional staff attending me and my issue was not so easy and she went through the whole system and did what she was supposed to do and I'm satisfied with her job.
But she worked very hard to try to help me and she promises there will be a letter in 5 to 10 days.
The girl was very helpful and I don't think she could've done more for me.
I really enjoyed talking to her and she helped me out a lot.
The young lady was very good so there's nothing different that I would have wanted her to do.
The woman I talked to was fantastic and she helped me with all my problems.
Everything was done efficiently by Teresa and I really appreciate the service she had rendered to me.
Much appreciate all the work she did and the outstanding way she handled herself and also dealing with the provider services that we were.
No problems at all and I really appreciate you know the concern and passion she had for helping me resolve a problem that I had by you know assisting me in the most professional manner that I know customer service reps or advocates should do and she did it.
What happened was they told me I wasn't insured or something but the person I just spoke to she went right through all the paperwork and everything and told me that there was a mistake and that everything is in order and I'm well covered and right now I'm holding on for her to come back to me.
The gal was Jenny was just fabulous and called the doctor's office settled the billing issue checked on my benefits was totally polite and delightful to talk to which is always the case when I call.
The young lady Jill she helped me tremendously but what I appreciate so much is when the younger ones like Jill know how to speak to an older one like me.
Just spoke with Shanara and she was excellent in helping me get the information that I needed as far as the Fitness Program the Silver Sneaker Program.
So she was able to kind of walk me through what I need to as far as the Fitness Program is concerned and I really appreciated her help.
Alberta did a fine job and what I'm commenting about is the job done by the previous call I put in I believe her name was Teresa.
I had to wait a little longer but the lady Jane I think her name is she is incredible.
She just you know went and got everything I needed done and I want to commend Miss Jane because she is personable and you know found out everything I needed to know and she never stopped (unclear) she did.
I did speak with Mary from the Philippines she was very helpful she answered all my questions the only thing I have to say is I think the Malltech medication is extremely high.
The lady I spoke to couldn't have done anything better she did a great job and made me feel so much better today.
She helped me figure out my situation completely and I appreciated all of her time she spent with me.
The lady the representative who answered my questions was very good and I want to thank her if you can because you put my heart at ease which was beating a little bit faster when I first called.
Everything the gal that I talked to her name was Melissa did a wonderful job explaining everything.
It was a billing question and Maria helped me out and everything's straightened out I appreciate it thank you.
The lady I have spoke to she gave me excellent service and I can't complain about anything.
Amber worked with me for an hour and fifteen minutes on a difficult item I've been trying to get taken care of with my doctors for the last four months.
We hit a wall and we didn't get it completed but I have next steps to try and get everything taken care of and I certainly appreciate all of her hard work.
Did everything she could do for me and I really appreciate how understanding she was.
The representative was very professional and is doing all that she can to help me resolve my issue.
And me being basically illiterate when it comes to electronics and computers and all that sort of stuff she was very patient.
But this call Missy I believe is her name I hope I heard it right.
I have been spending two weeks on finding a doctor and until Darren came around and there's also a supervisor named Jean that helped but her doctors also weren't good.
The Wellstar representative did above and beyond what she could have done and I was very pleased with her.
I'd like to compliment Anne Marie the associate I worked with today on the telephone she was excellent she cared about my concerns she was concerned about my well being and also concerned about how I was doing with the pain and I spoke to her supervisor and I wanted to thank her.
Alicia was the nicest and very patient with me and I'm so glad I had her for a representative to take care of my problems.
I forget her name but she was a great help and resolved it perfectly so we're extremely satisfied.
I called just before this and spoke to an Anne Marie and she helped me so much and I wanted to help her but the phone didn't work.
But like I said it's partially my fault because I couldn't give her exactly names things I couldn't remember.
Yesterday I had a conversation with a lady and she assured me that it was taken care of but it wasn't and so today I talked to.
I think her name was Kayla or something to that order and she took care of everything and I'm all ready to go with my supplies now and I thank her so much.
Maybe it's my accent but I kept telling the prompt that my birth date is May the 3rd 1946 and she said well I can.
Her name is Sandy and she was wonderful and she did everything for me and I tell you something.
we live in Springfield but she was fabulous and she made all the plans for our wellness appointment at the doctor's office.
The young lady I spoke to was very good however the service that I needed is not covered by my insurance.
The lady was quite helpful and even went an extra mile to locate a doctor for me.
everything she did was wonderful and she helped me a great deal.
She was wonderful although I met with a couple of Bozo's let me tell you also but I don't know.
Actually I was fully satisfied with what Sharon told me and her reaction to my little problem which really isn't a problem.
I got a very lovely girl that helped me right down to calling back the doctor and knowing what I have to do.
I have no idea what her last name was was so kind I just can't say anything that she could do to improve the way she treated me.
Knew that I had a birthday yesterday asked me how my birthday went.
Nothing she was an excellent explainer and she was kind and patient nothing you could've done more.
Nothing could've been done better the lady was very confident very pleasant and she did everything that I needed to know she provided all the information and was did it very efficient and pleasant way nothing could've been done any better.
It was very helpful and she went over some benefits I have and I appreciate the good customer service rep that spoke with me.
There's no way that Desiree I think that's what she said her name was said she couldn't look at anything to show that they had mailed it but I was more than welcome to call back the next day.
I'm kind of hard of hearing so I've always had to have her repeat and she was fine.
Spelled everything out for me took care of what I had to worry about and I had the same thing yesterday with another young lady Annabelle and I you know talked about her to.
I had everything taken care of by the woman that helped me.
Lara was the girl that took care of me and she was excellent.
I had a wonderful customer service person (unclear) she really got me through that quick and easy and she was very plain with everything.
Nothing the girl was very thorough very knowledgeable gave me all the answers that I needed to feel safe and secure in my upcoming hip operation and I'm very well pleased.
She was very courteous and I feel that she went over and above the call of duty to help me out with and get me a solution to my issue.
The young lady that helped me was genuinely concerned with my problem and did all she could to help me out.
She just brightened up my day and I knew there was a person on the other line that had a heart of gold and she just made my day brighter and I really enjoyed our conversation and help.
I have a little bit a problem and I spoke to a young lady named Cheryl whoever her supervisor is whoever gets this message.
I didn't even want to hang up with her she was very nice.
But that is not your fault so the lady that helped me Peggy she was very nice and she was very helpful with all my questions and looking up everything I needed.
I can't even express it but she was excellent.
She helped me with everything in a matter of 10 minutes and I really really enjoyed her personality besides so her name is (unclear) her name is Jem thank you.
The lady was very well informed on everything that needed to be done so I really like that lady very much.
I can't say enough about her and how much she helped me.
The representative Merriam I believe was her name was excellent she went a step further and is helping me resolve the problem and I'm going back to the pharmacy and.
the first call actually I hung up on because she didn't understand English the person.
I thought I might have to change you know my physician and I was worried sick but she was wonderful.
Don't know at this time but the lady that helped me this time she gave me some new information and that was very great and (unclear) one of them.
somebody had told me that they didn't reimburse but she said they did so she gave me knowledge that I didn't have so but I thank you for that so I don't know what else you could've done but she did good.
I evidently pushed the wrong button and I got to the right person and she helped me through this and I am completely satisfied.
I don't know her name I should've asked but she was great and I appreciate her help and this is Brenda Warenkey 2192316381.
My girl well my young lady I worked with today her name was Amanda and she was absolutely perfect there was nothing that she could have done better she was unremarkable absolutely perfect because all employees work (unclear) quality and level of work than your company satisfaction scores will blast in the next six to eight months if you talk with Amanda I'll promise you.
I just want to share with you the all my answers should be ten but I pressed the nine because when I press one I didn't want you to think that one was on the lowest scale and the lady named Christi in South Carolina office was very helpful and very patient as well as the lady named Amy in benefits too I didn't get her.
I have no complaints I don't know that anything better could have been done by (unclear) she was wonderful very patient she researched my concerns and gave me answers that I needed and she gets A plus plus.
All that I asked of the lady that helped me she did and she was very courteous and I.
Handled my upset extremely well and provided me with information that would have floored me had I received it somewhere else so your pro activity her pro activity and letting me know that I was nearing a coverage gap is incredibly important.
Well the young lady that helped me I think she said her name was Nancy.
She went above and beyond and checked on things that I didn't even ask her to check on just to make sure I knew what some of my coverage was so I greatly appreciate that.
I think that the lady that answered my question handled it very well and I didn't have to wait.
I feel like she didn't have any clue as to what I was talking about.
I spoke with Carol Lopez and she went beyond what I even expected and I appreciated her help tremendously.
Everything was fine the representative was very informative and even when she put me on hold she kept coming back and telling me what was going on so I appreciate that.
I'm still not completely sure what I heard was what she actually said because she was speaking too fast and so it's difficult.
The representative I spoke with was extremely helpful and I appreciated her time and effort on the call with me it was very thorough she addressed situations that I didn't even bring up and I appreciate that.
But hopefully she was correct and everything's going to be just fine because I really need my healthcare which you know I mean I guess everybody does but anyway so that's the only reason why I gave her a 9 instead of a 10 just because I can't tell for sure that the information she gave me was accurate but she sounded confident and friendly and welcoming and knowledgeable and skilled so I did give her a 9.
So as I say Florence was very helpful and I appreciated her help but the system itself is not as advantageous for people trying to get overrides to travel on their medicine as it might be.
I can't remember the lady's name but she was very nice she I called up to make my monthly payment and she was very nice and polite and asked me how I was doing and she was very nice and nothing you could do to improve everything's great.
Alexa helped me all the way though she checked on several different things we were on the phone for a little while and I feel like that my health is important to UHC.
The lady who I talked to is very nice very interested and suggestions to me about what I was trying to find out about a prescription and I appreciate it very much.
When I spoke earlier this morning she seemed helpful and got me to the person in (unclear) who that woman and I did not connect at all.
Actually the last woman that helped me her name was Chelsea she did a magnificent job.
There is not one thing that could've been done better the person who helped me Jackie did everything she could as expeditiously as she could and resolved my the reasons for my call thank you.
Well the woman Melanie who helped me was wonderful but I've had a very hard time getting registered with Optum Rx all kinds of things were screwed up with the computer stuff so anyway.
She was very pleasant informative got me got some questions answered that I didn't even know I had until after we started talking.
Actually the lady that I spoke to is very courteous very helpful actually she was patient she explained everything and I cannot say anything she was great let's put it that way.
I spoke with Kristen and she did just a beautiful job in explaining my needs to me.
She was delightful and I hope that I get her again when I call and I cannot think of anything she could've done better she was excellent.
Ma'am my assistance was Jenny and she could not have been more informative or better at what she did than what she is now.
It was perfect today the girl that I talked to was Avet and she answered every question and I was very upset and crying and she calmed me down and took care of everything that I needed and just went out of her way to help me.
There was nothing they could have done better the girl that I just spoke to was very nice she seemed sympathetic she made sure she checked everything twice (unclear) didn't want to give me any wrong information very helpful I was very satisfied with her thank you.
I did have a little trouble understanding the young lady I spoke to but that's probably from my hearing not from her.
The call was very good the lady I talked to her name was Joia she did an excellent job and I'm very happy with the service that she provided and the service that I get from (unclear).
Everything was fine the person with whom I spoke was very nice and she gave me some other suggestions and she gave me the names of some people who could help me after my surgery so she was terrific I have no complaints and there's nothing anybody could've done any better thank you.
We were satisfied with Mia she was very patient and she took the time to handle all of our problems well.
She was outstanding and it helped me so much and I wanna be sure that she gets credit.
Jade stayed with me through the whole conversation (unclear) about four different numbers to get this problem resolved and she stayed with me through the whole thing and I really appreciate all the help she gave me to get this problem resolved.
So that sort of was a detour some actually had moved out of the area so when I called today I got a few more names she was very nice and so was the woman that helped me the last time where it wasn't successful but I'm still in pursuit of a geriatric physician so thank you 'cause at least the names are available and one of these days I'm going to connect.
She was absolutely awesome so the one thing might be if you could train everyone else to be as helpful and kind and just perfect as she was because it was a great call I was stressed and she was answered all my questions and went above and beyond she was great so use her as a model.
I just got cut off from Rhonda she was trying to get (unclear) to another number I would like to connected with her again so I can finish this call.
I was just going to say the print on it is very late but anyway I just do wanna say though Tiffany took care of me today and she was very professional and very helpful.
The young lady was thorough so I don't know what you could've done better she was very thorough answered the questions very pleasant thank you.
I can't think of anything right now the lady was extremely pleasant professional and patient and I needed that and so that's the only thing I could think of right now and she provided that for me so keep up the good work bye bye.
Actually there wasn't anything she could've been better done better for me she was right on top of it and actually gave me more information than I've ever gotten in a situation like this so I really appreciate her work that she did she's just great.
Well I think she was very good but she was almost overly I don't know I can't really describe it but almost I don't know she was just overly happy I mean I know that doesn't make sense but she could tone it down a little bit but other than that she did everything correct so I can't complain bye.
There was nothing you could've done better it was great you did a good job Elizabeth was our contact and she was great and she also helped me and was very informative and did everything she could to make sure we had everything done right thank you.
She as far as I was concerned she could have talked just a little bit slower so that I could've understood everything that she said.
The girl who answered was very helpful and knowledgeable as far as what she could see in records but she couldn't tell how much co pay we would have to pay.
She told me everything that I needed to know and I thank her so much.
I have just needed a confirmation and she gave me all the answer and at all time I'm very happy with UHC.
The customer service rep that helped me Miss Tina was on point with everything that I needed.
The lady was a little slow but she had to go through a lot of things to find out what I needed or who I was and so on and so fourth.
I didn't understand certain items and she really didn't explain stuff very well.
Camille could've done the right thing the first time with Cathy doing the right thing the second time and hopefully Jeff got it taken care of the third time.
She continued to use my last name and I had a hard time with it and I lost my temper.
I was upset and she calmed me down and took care of my problem.
Not one thing I had a very pleasant lady that took my information and helped me immediately and she was perfect and I'm very satisfied with the insurance I have.
But thanks to the lady for my UHC they helped me out it was very well very patient too.
The person who helped me was very professional and very kind and resolved my problem quickly so I don't think there's anything she could have done better.
She did not make me feel like I was an immature little kid not knowing what I was talking about.
I was very satisfied with miss Anna and she knew what she was talking about and gave me all the right information that I needed and sometimes that is not the case with previous calls but miss Anna was very good and I was glad that I got her on the phone.
Your representative was once I got to her through the you know through the cycle the phone tree there your representative was absolutely wonderful.
Your representative Hazel did very well I don't think there was anything she could've done better she answered my questions directly and I understood everything that she was telling me thank you.
I think I was over billed and really appreciate her prompt courteous and timely calling of the doctor to resolve this issues.
I don't have anything that you could've done better she was right on it and gave me instructions as to what to do and I appreciated it thank you.
Cause (unclear) did everything excellent she made me feel real good and I was nervous but she called me down and handled everything for me so she was excellent.
The person who helped me was Geraldine and she did an excellent job.
I really am thankful that she was able to help me with my information.
Karen was delightful to talk to and solved my issue very promptly.
She just checked everything she possibly could she spent a lot of time with me she wasn't rushed or hurried she answered my questions she was friendly and I wish I could get her every time I call.
I was very satisfied with the representative who helped me (unclear) over the weekend her name was Michelle she called the pharmacy she did everything she really helped.
I had a delightful woman taking care of me and I really appreciated it.
I'm 70 and I had trouble hearing her voice sometimes I felt it was a little muted or going too fast but I think that's my issue not her issue but if you have a hearing not necessarily impaired but people who have not so good hearing maybe have another operator that you know is totally clear although she was pleasant polite respectful and knowledgeable I don't know what else I could have expected other than I was just having some trouble hearing her.
She was excellent and even brought up some questions and helped me figure out some things that I didn't even hadn't really thought about.
I was really surprised she didn't know who (unclear) was.
She's she knew what she was talking about and we were very happy with her thank you.
Heather took care of my needs there's nothing more she could have done she deserves a 10.
Find people who know what they're doing or they get good training this was my second phone call the first phone call the person was Ciera or something like that and she knew what she (unclear) what she was doing and then she dropped me off to the company because they believe they were in network and she didn't know because she looked and put me on hold many times this phone call was with Madison and she was (unclear) very good there's just no more rehabs in the area that I needed I guess so but my other phone call and one I had before I had received kind of the same thing it was like somebody was brand new they didn't know what they were doing or they didn't have enough training Madison was fine but Ms Ciera was not and that was for about an hour ago with Ciera and I was calling to get a rehab for after my surgery on my right knee and Ciera kept having to put me on hold she apparently didn't know what she was doing and had to ask and then she called the place and the next thing I know I was talking to the place and they said well I believe we are and no you either believe or you know so evidently not when I called Madison back they were not in network so yeah I was a little upset.
But we were waiting for the computer to come up so she was asking me questions that had nothing to do with what I called about but that's okay.
So I can't criticize not she can't change the rules she just has to abide them so I don't fault her and she's very pleasant on the phone and (unclear) tried to help me what as best she could.
It was an excellent conversation with Brianna I believe was her name I like it and she explain everything to me.
She helped me anemically her name is Brianna and I recon if there was 10 stars I'd give her 10 stars.
The young lady Dana that took care of me she was very good.
She told me everything I needed to know and she was very nice person I would give her an A+.
So I appreciate and her caring too the way she spoke with me it was very comforting.
(Unclear) helped me today and she was wonderful and did everything systematically and I could understand her and I was very happy with her so no nothing could've been better.
When I spoke to Toni last week on the 8th she was excellent outstanding and that's about all I have to say.
I really appreciated her added information and she took care of everything in a timely fashion so I couldn't offer up any other things that she could have done any better.
Peggy was wonderful keeping me updated and getting all my stuff handled.
They were and very nice and she kept putting me on hold but I didn't mind and she as I said she resolved the problem and her name was Linda.
Karen was the representative and she did help me very well.
the woman helping me spoke very fast and she was not very understandable and there's nothing wrong with my hearing it's just her manner of speaking.
She was absolutely great she expedited the call she had everything correct and it was a great experience.
I know she said her equipment was lagging a little bit but she did fine thank you.
Just amazing and she needs to get back with me but she was so willing to work with me and helped me get the doctor that I need and so I just really really appreciate her professional and her friendly attitude and she was great.
She gave me the information I needed and I just appreciate all the help that she did give me.
She was very patient and even helped me get signed up for the membership over here at the YMCA today.
I called the lady here and she was just real good and we did it by phone.
Brianna was a perfect nice person but she helped me and she went out of her way to call the pharmacy and to call you know to just listen and to really help me.
I guess it was problem with her English and she was just kind of confused and but Brianna was just a perfect person and a great person customer service and she really honestly helped me.
She went out of her way to give me information about new doctors that I need Oncologist and you know she really gave me a peace of mind and I'm very happy with her and her help.
She said she couldn't hear me but I could hear here very well so perhaps her phone was not you know at the par or whatever because mine certainly was.
I did not have to ask her one time to repeat anything and that I appreciated so very much.
So she did the best she could but she did help me with what I really needed to find you know to take specific doctor.
I mean like I said she couldn't give me everything you know I needed.
The lady I'm sorry I didn't get her name but she was wonderful.
The young lady I spoke to Esmerelda did everything she could to help me and I really appreciate.
Tiffany who was the service rep today did an excellent job and I would have given her all 5 stars or 10's if your system worked correctly.
I was very pleased with Kendra that handled changing my primary care doctor today and I don't think there's anything else that she could have done to improve her service.
She helped me with things that nobody else has ever mentioned that I could receive and help and I'm totally satisfied with the service I got today and thank you.
The young lady was very helpful and I appreciate that because I am old and I hate telephone kind of things but she did an excellent job.
this is just a one time thing that I am very annoyed that she took up all this time and she did not answer my question.
The gal that I spoke to I could understand she spoke English and she did a great job for me so I'm very pleased okay bye.
(Unclear) was very knowledge knowledgeable of what I needed and she sure helped me out.
The young lady that helped me was the most patient person I've ever met in my life and I appreciate all of her help.
Because the young lady that I spoke to she was wonderful professional and she made me feel so good and she was helpful and that's what I called for to ask questions and we talked and honestly she's someone that you should keep forever.
Because she was lovely and wonderful and I could sit her and tell you more and a lot more.
I worked in customer service for several years and I have never worked with anyone that was so patient thorough and very knowledgeable about her work and so helpful.
The lady who helped me on the assisted me on the phone was so professional and she knows her way around the system.
The lady that was serving me did a wonderful job and she explained everything to me so that I knew exactly what she was talking about.
You know they're customers that you deal with but she made sure that instead of me wasting my time going through calling them she checked and made sure who had what I needed.
I was talking to a representative named Alyssa and she was very knowledgeable and very friendly and helped me in every way she possibly could and I got all my questions answered and I don't think there was anything she could've done beyond that that would've satisfied with this phone call.
Bridget was great and my issue was resolved and I really appreciate this service.
Deanna was delightful she helped know exactly what I wanted and she gave me the information.
Nothing agent Daphne is helping me and going to be calling me back when she's done everything she could this evening.
The lady who helped me today names Angela was absolutely stellar I couldn't there's nothing that I could ask that would make it make my service any better than it was.
That girl as well really pleasant and very helpful and I just wanted to verify the one question that I had on her explanation which I did understand but I wasn't quite sure I did.
My first individual that I spoke with we got disconnected and she didn't seem sure on what we was looking for even though I was (unclear) out in.
The service was excellent the lady I spoke with Ash handled everything and explained everything that I needed and couldn't be happier.
You couldn't have done it better she was a sweet girl (unclear) done very well she didn't hesitate she had the answers right there.
There was really nothing that you could have done better it was she spoke beautifully she was able to get all the information since I didn't have it and complete the transaction.
Everything that I I that I asked and she she was right up on everything and she explained perfect.
Tameka was very helpful and I cant' think of anything you know that she could have done better.
The girl that helped me was excellent and I appreciate it very much.
Very just a pleasure to speak with and she took care of my issues and quickly.
Everything was very well taken care of I have I don't think she could've done more the customer service rep was extremely nice and she helped me and answered my question.
I had a lady named Kim from (unclear) from Wisconsin who waited on me and we talked about several different issues.
The young lady was very helpful I had no problem I understood what she was telling me.
The service person covered everything that I asked and she did it very efficiently and very she just did a good job.
The lady was very (unclear) and went beyond her job description to help me solve my problem.
So then the third time I called I got Kisha and she was awesome.
Actually the lady I talked to was very helpful she could've been more helpful and everything was taken care of as soon as we talked about it and that was a wonderful phone call.
You were having some kind of computer issues or something and she wasn't able to pull up my records but she's very polite and very nice and it's not her fault.
There was absolutely nothing that y'all could do better because she was absolutely wonderful and answered all of my questions.
The lady who helped me was saw that my birthday was coming up and she was so sweet she asked me to have a happy birthday asked if I had any plans and just made it so personal I thought that was really a nice touch.
Claudia was very efficient very patient and seemed to know what I needed the help with and she took care of it.
There was nothing you could've done better for but Lauren was wonderful and she took care of me and very friendly.
I was getting my words and she said she'd be back and I didn't hear from her.
At times out of frustration I was rude to her and she just brushed it off and accepted my apology with graciousness.
June was super helpful she was really clear and she went out of her way to help me and I really appreciate everything she did there (unclear) that she could do (unclear) are just so high anyway so she did a great job and I really appreciate her.
The customer service person I spoke to was Phyllis and Phyllis was very helpful in letting me know that it looks like the claim was basically paid and then I a nominal amount for co pay and I'm very satisfied to hear all that and so thank you.
I had canceled something and it didn't get canceled and so it was on my bill but this girl I talked to today was very good about getting it all straightened out so I thank you for that.
I have just come on board with this coverage and the lady named Jessica was terrific.
I talked with Wendy today and she helped me and we have the issue corrected.
I would like to commend somebody named Jamie who after 3 calls of different people all attempting to help me she finally seemed to get all of the pieces tied together.
She helped me with my problem and I'm extremely satisfied with her with UHC.
She went out of her way to help me and it was probably the most efficient customer service call I've ever had and I'm 74 years old.
I believe the lady's name was Fiona and I was very pleased with her service.
Otherwise the person I was speaking to did a wonderful job when she understood what I was asking for.
Jessica B helped me very much and I don't see how she could have been any nicer or helped me any better.
you know she kept asking me do I understand.
I was really pleased with (unclear) meeting my needs and she was lovely to work with.
I was kind of tripping over her conversation back and just needed to listen a little better to clarify things.
You know the young lady I believe her name was Sarah she helped me quite much.
We got a bill for $650 and she took care of it and she was delightful and really she needs a raise.
I think she was I think that my problem was resolved but because I couldn't hear her completely that was a difficulty.
The lady I spoke to Violet has to get back in touch with (unclear) before she can answer my question thoroughly.
The lady who helped me was very very nice and helpful but what I was asking was whether the 2018 plan guide that I've gotten mailed is the plan I'm going to have when I retire.
I don't think she understood everything that I told her but it's okay.
And if she told me something that I didn't know that I could get a social worker because I'm a chair giver.
The lady I talked to was April and she was very knowledgeable on the subject that I wanted to know everything I can give it 100% very good report.
Her name was Amanda and she was wonderful I think she needs a raise a trip to the Bahamas' I think she could do with a trip and a diamond bracelet.
Shawnta was my representative and she could not do what I needed cuz I was not an authorized signer.
Cuz I have a lot of pain and just talking to her made me feel better.
Wanda was excellent and put my mind at ease about the billing question I had.
She was quite helpful but it took longer for her to get the information for me.
Just made me feel like I was number one and I had so many questions and then I would forget and then I would say oh yeah one more and it didn't seem to bother her at all.
As soon as I was like all the other reps I have talked to very she was very informative.
The customer service rep I believe let me make sure I have her name (unclear) she did great.
Number one I feel very good because she explained to me very clearly so I understand and number 2 she tried to understand my broken English and number 4 she provide me everything I need and I understand well.
She was very nice girl Misty and very apologetic but I think it was up to UHC to send us a little notice that we.
I worked with a representative and her name is spelled Saunya and she did a very good job.
So I really appreciated her thinking to ask me that and I feel more comfortable now knowing that my daughters will have access to any sort of medical information that I'm not able to give them.
And Sherry was just awesome I wish I could've found the information I needed to have.
The doctor could've done better ordering a test but you guys Pam was phenomenal she was really good.
She didn't have a clue and because she this screwed up and unable to answer my question she hung up on me.
She provided all the information and she did the utmost for me so I appreciate it very much and I don't think there's one thing that she could have done better.
The lady was real professional and she helped me see where it was my mistake and I appreciate it.
Very courteous everything but I was transferred three times and I had to give (unclear) everything over and over but the last person she was very (unclear) she took me (unclear).
She was very courteous she sent out the information that I know and I couldn't ask for anything better.
But I think her name was Stephanie and then I had to call back and Nico and they're both just excellent and that's the only good part you got going.
You were very courteous and I liked the way he she all the information I had to give her and everything it turned out real good.
Everything that I needed to know today I found out and she was really nice.
They connected me with a lady and she helped me right out and you know and they're all (unclear) and she didn't act like it.
I (unclear) the girl was very helpful today and she (unclear) to me that I (unclear) talk to a nurse to and I may call her here in a little bit 'cause I've talked to them before and they did have a lot of information.
One of the questions I accidentally hit seven and I wanted to hit ten and so obviously I couldn't change it so the lady was very nice polite and I believe she did everything necessary.
Absolutely nothing I was just speaking to Liz about I had lost my card she was so helpful I thank you for everything.
I spoke with Frederica she's going to take care of everything or she said she would and she sounded like she knew what she was doing but I thought you and I were all caught up to date until the end of the year and then you know I get 47 no actually it's only 2 pages from you but that's all.
When I couldn't understand maybe a little bit of a language barrier she was very pleasant and repeated herself and I understood her and she explained everything to my satisfaction.
I never thought I would catch up with her again on the phone but I did today and she's still an inspiration for me.
I spoke to Gabrielle and she helped me very much and I appreciate that.
Miss Peggy that I spoke to who's in Florida she did everything that she need to do to answer my concerns and questions and she was very patient and polite and I appreciate (unclear) service and hope you guys keep up that level of customer service with (unclear).
And then when I called back I don't know what the lady's name was but you know she was very helpful.
(unclear) really tried hard to the information for me so I appreciate her help.
She did a beautiful job explaining why I had to pay what I have to pay and that's what I was asking so I am satisfied one hundred percent.
At first she seemed a little bit of snappiness but then she got a little bit nicer as the call went on and then when she knew I was holding on the line for the survey I felt like she knew then I was taking a survey.
But at first she was a little snappy and I tried to explain to her that I have a brain injury (unclear).
I just want to say the girl that I talked to my name is Kathleen Pello I didn't get her name but I think you got a record of it.
The girl Purricka took care of all my needs and even gave me information I didn't know I had and she went over and beyond the help that I needed to make my day better.
She was just wonderful the person was that waited on me.
Seemed dedicated to her job and I did give her a congratulations to Warren her supervisor.
Ebony was the rep that I talked to and she did an excellent job.
she dealt with me just I mean she like I said went over a hundred percent to satisfy what I needed to know and did contact the people that I was dealing with and just overall one hundred percent.
My survey that I'm taking today all those answers are nor for the agent I spoke with 'cause she was super she was 4.
I don't know Marcy was just as helpful as she could be.
She gave me a few items to look up and I'm going to look them up and call her back and talk to her and I hope I get her again because she was wonderful to me.
All I got were empty promises where I was gonna get something in the mail a phone call back okay? But the girl I had today was great.
I think I do but she made sure I had it and explained a few things to me.
Rene was simply wonderful talking to and trying to help me through this.
I can't think of one thing it was a quick response on the phone and Anetta did a fabulous job with not only myself but also with my wife.
My helper my representative was Ieesha and she did a wonderful job.
I had a very lovely lady help me and I was pleased.
My name is Renee Willis and I had the pleasure of speaking with Yvonne and you couldn't have done better.
She was a joy to speak with and she really helped me understand the questions I had and she was very patient because she had to explain some things more than once so you can't improve upon perfection and she is that.
But today Bridgett helped me this morning more than I can even begin to tell you and I think she deserves like looking into.
And you know (unclear) because she was awesome and then the girl that I just talked to I didn't catch her name I forgot but she was wonderful as are all the people I talk to at United.
She did a good job trying her best to help me out and she was able to do it so that's why I give her a excellent confirm okay.
Well I really I was very concerned and Barb was so helpful because I keep getting these fills from the one doctor over.
Yeah my experience (unclear) the best and Anita really was your best customer service representative she explained everything she even called the person that I need to see.
Your agent Valentina was very helpful and she really went an extra step to help me.
She really understood my problem on pricing and the 20% and she's going after it and she'll be calling me back that's the first time I've really had this kind of support from you and she ought to be commended.
I wouldn't ask to do anything better very courteous helpful so she couldn't of got the problem resolved while I waited online and on the phone for less than 5 minutes so very impressed and I would continue to hire great employees Terri.
I don't think you could have improved this was very helpful nice representative and I really appreciate her extra help to details so she even gave me the 800 number for the AARP website help if I should have problems getting my husband's account set back up for logging in and I got my payment taken care of so she covered all the bases very nicely and was pleasant and helpful.
I was very satisfied and I don't think the lady could've helped me any better than what she did.
I had to get helped to register from Miss Berta and Miss Nancy and they were both very helpful and that's the only thing I can think of that you could do better with was the registration to the website.
I got the service right away and the lady was very nice.
My daughter was getting in on the phone call and she agrees so thank you very much.
She just went above and beyond to be courteous and just perfectly answered all my questions and I just appreciate her so much.
I don't see how she could've helped me any better way than she did.
The lady that served me her name was Marsha was quick efficient alive and satisfied me completely.
The young lady that I was talking to she was very nice and I really appreciate her and y'all should just keep her on because she is so nice to talk to and I really appreciate that.
Also I would like to mention that Shawna your associate was 110% very helpful very qualified for what she how she helped me in a simple matter as making an eye doctor's appointment.
you know she stayed on with me and until she got the right information for me.
She handled my situation very efficiently and I cannot think of any way she could improve my.
Enjoyed the conversation the lady was interested in me and what I needed done and they did a good job very good job.
I was helped immediately and I really liked the way she handled what I needed.
The call went great it was just I was having a lot of confusion with signing in and even the woman who helped me had to get help so I don't know if I'm the only one that had confusion but she actually had to sign me in herself rather than my being able to do it on my own computer so that was the reason that I had called thank you.
She said (unclear) someone was going help me then this survey came up.
All of my needs were taken care of and I enjoyed the young lady that helped me out.
Well the woman I think her name was Stephanie was very helpful and as far as I can tell she did a perfect job.
The very best customer service person Claudia helped me through my problem and resolved it right away and I appreciate her for that.
She specified what I have and what I should've had and she got me hooked up.
The level of service of your customer service representative was exceptional and she really tried to do the best and (unclear) call (unclear) I would rate her level of service as excellent in her concern for my problem.
I think the lady I worked with did a very good job in explaining the difference between the 2 top drugs I was asking about.
Maddie was my representative and she went over and aboard her job and calling doctors and everything and she's taken care of everything very well.
I appreciate the lady she was very knowledgeable and she made me understand a little bit more about what I need to know.
The person that handled it went above and beyond to help me with my problem and resolve it to the best of her ability.
But also I spoke with Erin O and she was very helpful.
I just wanted to say Maria was lovely as everybody that I talked to over there always is.
She brought up a subject which I wasn't familiar with and explained it to me and I was ever so grateful that she was discussing that she initiated the discussion because it was something I have never understood about two different tier medicines so I was very pleased with the service I got today.
She kept me informed as she went along with people at the other end of her phone and hopefully everything will be taken care of.
The person who was helping me who was wonderful by the way I don't know her name but she was great she could only see the notes coming in to her department and couldn't tell whether the provider had called other departments or not that would have been helpful other wise it was good the customer service person I'm dealing with is wonderful and should get a raise thanks.
could have done better for me (unclear) helped me and she was very detailed about explaining to me what I needed to know.
If I didn't that and this was went back to 2016 so I appreciate Jessica's help with this because she was very thorough.
She was very helpful she have answered questions that I didn't have no idea what I was talking about thank you.
You could have done nothing better for me because this young lady that I spoke to was kind she was professional she was accurate and to the point.
I was (unclear) with everything she resolved my question.
Jasmine really took care of what the situation was right now and I was very happy with that thank you.
Everything was fine the lady was very nice and courteous and helped me a lot she told me things I didn't know so that really helped me thank you.
I had the nicest person help me from UHC her name is Jenny Gibbens and she was just an angel.
Nothing Kiara did a very excellent job with my concerns I'm under a lot of stress right now I just found out I have prostate cancer and she handled the call with extreme professionalism.
Ms Felicia was very kind and she did a very good job I think one of the numbers went in wrong so please if it comes in and she needs a 10 on this or 100.
Girl Stephanie was very helpful to have me and she gave me places to call to try to get help with our medication so I was very pleased with her.
I don't have no complaints of what she helped me with today.
I had a representative named Monica and she was extremely helpful and there was nothing she could've done better thank you.
The operator I'm sorry I forgot her name was very pleasant and really wanted to go out of her way to please me so that's all I'm expecting from customer service.
Really the little girl that took care of me couldn't have done any better she's really good and the time was real quick and I have no problems thank you.
I can't say I can't even express how nice she was to me.
There was a little bit of gargling and it sounds like the phone just needs to be updated but her service was impeccable.
Her name is (unclear) and she was so helpful and even though she couldn't tell me what I really needed to know she tried very hard to find out.
I really enjoyed talking to her and she helped me feel better too.
I believe Aneesa took care of everything that I had questions about.
Well I spoke with Janine and she was absolutely fabulous.
Answer is nothing you could've done better Nicole was my agents name she was very helpful she helped me locate an in network provider and I was very happy with her service her courtesy her product knowledge.
Kimberly was very courteous and answered all my questions I don't know what she could've done any different because she did everything right thank you.
There really isn't anything that the lady could've done better and I think her name was Lisa she's very professional very helpful and she gave me the numbers that I needed to call.
I spoke to a woman named Penny and she was excellent she helped me in a great a deal didn't rush and explained everything to me very well.
She helped me understand some things I didn't know about procedures a mammogram I had to have done and she also told me some stuff that was important for me that I didn't even think to ask so I was very.
She walked me through everything and even suggested other things to me to help me so I'm very happy with UHC.
And I don't think she could've handled it any better and I got all the numbers I needed about the Repivia that I was looking at.
She called that number that they had asked me to call and she said it's someone that Medicare works with and they're well known so I found out it was not a scam.
Natalie was very professional and very efficient so that's all I have to say and I really enjoyed talking she helped me with everything I needed help with.
She made me feel so good even though we really couldn't accomplish anything because she wanted me to get a new password get a new thing and I just I'm tired of and they're trying to go paperless and she said she would make sure to keep paper.
Tamika was very helpful and I'm we're in the process of getting this resolved.
I didn't have to ask her to repeat what she was saying to me and that makes it much easier when you pay your bill and she was very confident in what she was talking to me about and she was very well mannered and I appreciate that a lot.
I give her my opinion and things that really mattered to me.
The girl said that there's something on her screen showing that you could help me (unclear) got another screen and she says I can't.
I told her I was having trouble understanding her so she hung up on me.
And I have to say out of all the people I've talked to she was the very best and I just feel so much better.
And I just had a great response from her she was terrific.
But she was very nice and took the time to look things up and actually get my problem solved.
But the last time I got through and got everything taken care of and then Cathy was very nice.
I don't think there was anything really better she was very efficient and she helped me with the copay and the expense on it and said that it would be concerned with me within 72 hours thank you.
I had a very efficient young lady she took a lot of time with me she I was asking about drugs and she spelled the ones that my insurance covered she was very very efficient and I don't have any complaints.
She took her time to look up several resources in order to help me but then at the very end she apologized so many different times that she was unable to help me but then she did transfer me onto the West division where they were able to finish helping me out.
I didn't get everything solved but she was very helpful and I appreciate it very much.
I didn't have much time this morning to talk to Claudia but she was very helpful also.
Kathryn went the extra mile and called the people I was working with and she did a really good job.
The previous lady Destiny was they both were fantastic have been really helpful kind were patient worked with me.
The representative I spoke to today was very nice and very helpful if she succeeds in what she's going to do but I've calling since October to get this matter resolved and it hasn't so I've been calling for almost 6 months with all these different people.
Hi there you couldn't have anything better today because Janeene the girl I had she answered all my questions and was even went a step further I must say wonderful.
And the young lady I just spoke to was really excellent please keep her if she's up for a raise give her her raise.
I needed the name of a lady (unclear) I did (unclear) one got into conversation but was not asked if there was another one I mean I didn't ask if there was another one and she did offer if I needed further help but right there at the time that was she only gave me one so otherwise she did a great job.
I didn't get her name but she was very helpful and I'm glad she works for you.
She was very concerned and she really helped me and trust me she deserves a raise.
Everything was really good and they couldn't have been better and I would give them more than a 4 I would give them 100 and the lady that I talked to was totally awesome and I thank her for being there.
I'm a 74 year old in September and forget and I can't see that good and she was wonderful.
She was superb in helping me and getting with her team to find out what was wrong that the manager didn't call me back to tell me.
The only trouble I had the lady I spoke to had a very distinct accent and although we got through it just fine it sometimes slowed me down a little bit being certain I understood completely what she was trying to tell me.
The lady that I spoke with Sylvia was very helpful in finding alternate medications for me which pleased me very much.
The only thing I had a little bit of trouble with was understanding the lady she's very nice and everything but I don't know what nationality she is but I just I couldn't understand part of what she said.
Hi the young lady who took my call was absolutely helpful helped me get an appointment with a new dentist what would've been helpful although I wouldn't have had a nice person to talk to would have been if your website was up to date which has none of the doctor's that she suggested who are very close by were even listed for me on the website and ones that were listed aren't even members anymore so I think your website is very frustrating and has been since I joined in December so it would be helpful to fix it nonetheless the people that work for you are quite lovely thank you.
You could not have done anything different the young lady was very helpful she took her time ascertained exactly what it was I needed to have solved she was on the phone too care of it when she got back to me everything had been resolved in a matter of minutes her name was Stephanie thank you.
My representative I had questions about dental work the lady I spoke with did not know that the dental section that she transferred to was not open today so I think you need train your people she was very nice did her best which apparently not getting trained and that's managements fault.
But I am just I'm sorry I am just being silly but the young lady who helped me here name was Evette just I think couldn't have been more cordial and helpful and encouraging and also efficient and I just appreciated her because she did so much you know covering every area of my phone call.
I was satisfied I got the information from Alicia she was very sweet and at this point I don't think there was anything else that could have been done to help me so thank you very much.
There was nothing that could be done better she did reverting that I needed and made sure that I had and understood it (unclear) her excellent.
So this is my second call I had to y'all yesterday and again today and as usual everything was great Christine the customer service was very good very knowledgeable when she wasn't sure she went and checked.
There was nothing you could do better the rep that I spoke with her name was Alandria and she went out of her way to solve my problem I was very satisfied.
I can't think of her name but she was great.
And the lady was kind enough to get to go back to in the notes and she gave me the numbers (unclear) in this thing.
She was trying very hard to be helpful but I had to ask her to repeat things often because it was a little difficult to understand her.
You know we went over all kinds of different scenarios and she came up with a great solution for me and she was very knowledgeable extremely customer friendly and I mean she could really.
I've been with UHC for four years and I've always been very satisfied.
Martha was very helpful and I'd take her in a heartbeat again if I'm lucky enough to get her when I need a problem solved.
She certainly tried and I don't know if it's a common question but she came up with the best she could do which still has me talking to the doctor when I get there.
I had trouble understanding the person who was helping me and also her voice sounded very far away.
I can't think of anything off hand I do appreciate the young lady that helped me she spoke clear.
She helped me so I really enjoyed talking to her and she helped me a lot and thank you.
Unfortunately it had to do with immunization (unclear) and the information although she was wonderful she did not have the information available to her but that probably wasn't her fault.
She was very patient with me when I got confused with what she was telling me.
The representative was very nice and offered her condolences on the death of my husband.
I'm sorry she followed up with my dental billing department because it was something that you could not answer so while I had not gotten the answer I think that she did everything that she could've possibly done so I was very pleased with her.
The lady I talked to was very nice and she took care of all my (unclear) so there was nothing that I need she did everything I asked.
I wanted to take her home she was so good to me.
I would have to give her a rating above ten because she was so formal and she was so accurate with all her information so you need everybody just like her.
The lady helped me completely and made sure I was still active and reupped and I wasn't gonna lose my healthcare and she was very helpful.
I had a very nice girl and did everything she could to help me.
I think she was very thorough with me and I appreciate so much her time.
Secondly I asked for an orthopaedic surgeon and she asked me what kind of a doctor that was and I said it's an orthopaedic doctor and she said I know but what do they do and I told her what they do and she said oh a bone doctor.
She was looking something up so the only thing I could say was that you know to not be on hold as long but I don't know that that's possible because she was looking everything up.
The lady I talked to was great she answered everything I wanted to know and some things I didn't know.
She was great that's all I can say she was the lady was just really great.
(Unclear) done anything better because the young lady that answered she answered everything I needed.
I understood and I had to ask a lot of what did she say questions but she was very good and very nice and helped me understand it.
There is nothing that the operator missed she was very kind and very patient because I'm hard of hearing and I give her a 4.
And she was a delightful and tried to help me but she just wasn't able to at this time I need to speak with my doctor.
I just wanted to say that Noni was fantastic she was helping me on the line I wanted to find out if the (unclear) hospital is a part of the (unclear) where I could get help but I had to hang up because I had to leave so I couldn't get the answer that I needed only because I was the one that to leave not Melony Melony was great.
Actually she did everything I was trying to get done I talked with Alice and she took up a lot of time with me for all of my different problems so I was quite satisfied.
Melissa was the contact I had today she was outstanding she was very professional I don't think there was any way to improve.
Nothing everything was very very courteous she was very knowledgeable she we got along very well she helped me with my problem and gave me a positive outlook on things more so than I had before I called but I know that UHC would have answers for me that would help me out in my situation and I thank you thank you.
She was she is a beautiful person to talk to and get (unclear) and help me out.
In fact every time I have ever called customer service I have had excellent response and Karla helped me today resolve the situation that I have been working on with the people billing from an another agency for two months now and I really thank you and she was so pleasant and easy going.
I don't know what it would have been because she gave me every answer I ask.
I just had the best girl you could possibly have.
I could tell smiley because she was laughing along with me about a little bit of conversation and she couldn't have been nicer.
Anastasia gave me an awesome relief from my needs and it took only just a couple of minutes so Anastasia is really wonderful.
You've always helped me very much to where I'm very pleased with this service I received.
This lady has to go back and forth between the insurance company and the provider she handled everything so I really appreciate it.
I don't think that the representative could've done anything more to help me she was very professional and got me exactly what I needed.
We spoke to this girl Lori Loria and she was excellent and before her we had a call but it got disconnected when we were going to do the survey and that girl's name was Kathy and she was also excellent.
So my wife and I are very satisfied with this with the service and UHC and I just want to say if there's anyway you can pick up on the girl I spoke to before because when we went into the survey call it got disconnected somehow and her name was Kathy with a K and this girl Loria she's excellent.
I had Josh and he took care of me completely very nicely.
I was very satisfied Tanesha took good care of me and helped me to understand a few things so I don't have any suggestions for improvement at this time.
Well (unclear) and Rachel just was very patient and helpful and she dived in there and (unclear) it took a while for sure.
You have Krista did such a beautiful job in answering my questions that I can't think of another way that she could have been more helpful.
Everything was completely answered for me and the lady that helped me (Unclear) was very kind and explained it all to me.
She was very patient she helped me out she just went right along smoothly she calmed me down.
UHC is fabulous and Emily was my rep today and everything was above and beyond.
No I can't think of anything Pam was absolutely wonderful helped me went out of her way so I can't think of a thing.
She could she was so easy to work with and she did so much for me and I could not have done it myself.
I think I had a complicated issue for her and she dealt with it and took care of it and moved on to her fellow workers and it was great.
Well I tell you I don't think that Miss Patty she answered all the questions I had and also gave some extra information on a couple of other things that provided with my healthcare so I'm very well pleased and she is really a good customer service.
Sue that I talked to she explained what you know what the problem was.
I had a nice conversation with Jamie and I can't think of anything that she could do better.
She was so nice and she made some calls about the bill that I got to the company to the it where she was supposed to call them and she her name was Jamela and she was absolutely wonderful.
Like I don't know if she was trying to tell me that I was on the line or what but it was very annoying.
The girl that I just talked to was extremely nice very helpful answered all my questions looked up stuff for me that little girl is just number one top so you should tell her congratulations.
Well from what I can see you have done enough because I'm happy and I had a good lady that talked to me on the phone so everything is good and I just thank her for it.
Your lady on the other end in Florida was she tried very hard to help me but she doesn't know the city and I think I probably will be going with Human next time around.
Yes I think your representatives need better training because this person that I spoke although she was very courteous I don't I think she was someone that was being trained and I felt like I you know like I was being used it just you know for training purposes even though you know she did help me out.
I was very happy with the results of the call and the representative I believe her name was Michelle was very helpful and I appreciate it very much.
Nothing because I spoke to Annie and she was absolutely fantastic.
I mean she was very helpful with everything that I asked her.
So I mean I'm well satisfied and I think she did a great job with expressing and assuring me that I would be alright and everything was taken care of.
I can't say because she was very sweet and I.
I could understand her and she was really reliable and she got thumbs up from me Mr Walker.
I thought Jessica took care of all my questions and I'm very satisfied.
She did a wonderful job and she got me just the information I got which is what I asked for and I appreciate it very much.
I always have problems when I try to order refills from Optum Rx and last night was no different but Brandy was able to clear it up and I really appreciate it.
She called the rehab center to explain the error of their (unclear) and really did me a great service by making it so easy for me to correct this situation.
I believe we were on the phone almost an hour trying to resolve my problem and she did it and she was wonderful and thank you all so much.
There was nothing that could've been done better the representative whose name was Amanda was very helpful and the one thing that I liked about her she did act like this was just a job she act totally and completely concerned with my concern and I appreciate that a lot I really do the other representative would act just a little more up beat and up tempo you know it might be a little bit better but I appreciated Amanda for that and she did help me and I appreciate that.
Nothing the representative that I had was very polite and knew her job and I'm great that I got her thank you.
The lady that was on the phone she was very helpful what you could do to help me a great deal and a lot of other people is update your provider list on your website it sp.
There's nothing else Tina was very helpful in helping me find information on a doctor and I'm going to think about calling there and and possibly changing doctors I have to do it after my surgery but I'm satisfied with the information I got thank you very much.
She was just very I mean she acted as if my problem was the only problem she'd had today and I know she's had 500 probably and she was very nice.
You're talking to a 90 year old woman that's been dealing with you for years and I'm very happy.
I spoke to spoke to somebody Angel in Philippines and I wanted to take the survey let them know how wonderful she was but I couldn't get the survey.
She was very patient she listened to me and she helped me quite a bit thank you.
She was very helpful and was right to the point and explained some stuff I probably should have already known.
We stayed on the phone a really long time and I appreciate her for listening to me about my husband dying and my brother dying and I'm just real appreciative of all that went on.
Natalie was absolutely outstanding and I would encourage you to recognize her and make her employee of the month.
The young lady Crystal helped us was very helpful and then she informed us and saved us a lot effort and a lot of time.
And she was you know she was very good about the call she did the best she could and she's doing a follow up and I'm confident she'll get back with me and resolve the issue.
She went out of her way to offer other possibilities as I'm a new customer to United Health and I have to say that she was wonderful and there is nothing else that she could have done for me or offered.
She was awesome and I would love to be able to talk to her every time.
The girl she was so patient she was so kind (unclear) trying to locate a doctor to me.
She even called my hospital and everything is still on hold but they're looking into it and she is passing on information so I will know of my outcome later on.
She helped me just what I needed to know and she said I was her easiest customer for the day and I appreciated that.
The representative I just spoke to said that there wasn't really a way for her to put me in touch with.
I spoke to her back in April about an issue and today also and she is the most wonderful customer service rep.
It's been horrendous but Barbie the girl that I talked to and worked with I think she actually has found the solution.
Melissa this customer service rep did very well in taking care of my need.
Absolutely nothing when I told Jennifer I was in a hurry she just immediately went to work and that was it.
I don't really have anything to say the girl I talked to (unclear) tried to help me the best that she can and she's going to look into the problem.
everything I told her to try to figure out things and she did it and I'm very satisfied with everything.
And I just wanted to just let them know that she was a wonderful customer rep.
You couldn't have done anything better she gave me all the information I needed and gave talked to me about my alert so very good.
Actually Erica who I spoke with the representative I spoke with was very helpful so there wasn't anything on this call that actually could've been improved because Erica answered my question real good and I was very satisfied this time.
And then he told me about a nurse that I could call and talk to her a little later have her come over.
Your representative whose name is Alexa was just marvelous in answering every question.
the person that was talking with me tried to help me the best she can.
The lady who helped me today was absolutely fantastic I just had a death in my family my wife passed away and she took care of everything I had and all the questions I had.
I mean I liked my phone call just now with the person she helped me take my daughter's phone numbers down.
She took the time to tell me all of the charges and I just appreciate her and the service that we've received from UHC.
So other than that and the last time that I talked with a girl and did not take a survey she was terrific and I was sorry I did not take a survey.
I could understand every word she said and she was very patient.
Well I speaked to Amber and she was very nice.
She gave me a reference number and I take her totally at her word that's she's been doing exactly what she said and then get back to me.
I don't think you could have done better because Tori was just super taking care of all my questions and problems and what I needed to do.
I had Alisa and she took care of all my needs and she knew (unclear) got me in the right direction to get my.
(unclear) my eye exams and everything and she was very competent.
I talked to a woman named (Unclear) Connie and she helped me really good.
the girl that I had or the woman that I had was exceptionally friendly good very helpful answered my questions all of them.
I don't have anything because the time was not long that I had to wait and Shanice took care of everything I needed all in one swell swoop.
The girl who helped me was very clear and she gave me everything I needed to know.
Radisha was very helpful in resolving the issue and she said the bill would be taken off in the next 30 days and I don't know of a thing you could do to help her improve.
The person that helped me today Sheree was thorough and did a good job.
She was very helpful in answering questions and wanted to make sure that I was satisfied with what she was.
So I called back and then I got a hold of this other girl which was very very helpful and she tried to pass on this survey onto the other girl but it was not possible and I didn't get.
Absolutely nothing the young lady that I spoke to on the phone was more than gracious you need to give the girl a raise or a hug.
Every time I call it seems like I get somebody that understands what I'm asking and able to solve it and I even felt honored when Justine told me it was her first call today and she did a very good job so I wouldn't change a thing I'm pleased every time I call there pleased with the coverage thank you.
Paid my bill better but other than that the woman that helped me and did all the research on my behalf did a fabulous job.
I have to commend her she really went over and above to find out what I needed to know.
Maria who I spoke with was very helpful and she's going to take care of my problem so I don't think I have any complaints or any suggestions thank you.
I don't think the girl could've been no nicer and she took time to look up my what I was wanting and she was real good.
She was very cordial and she like I said took the time to explain to me everything so I was very pleased and satisfied with the call that Robin gave me and also others in the past.
Prior to calling Rebecca I spoke to Kierra on the regular customer service line for UHC who directed me there and she did an excellent job also so yeah I have no problem.
She was absolutely fabulous in the way she talked to me and respected me and listened to me and the way she helped me and went on the websites and looked stuff up for me and helped me because I'm having my teeth removed and getting dentures and you know that's a very expensive thing and you know she helped.
I absolutely appreciated how she was able to help me and she made it really easy.
But she actually took care of me right away and so I really preferred right now just dealing with her made it all worth while and everything occurred really nicely.
But I think Gina was absolutely great and she made me really happy about this whole experience especially when I receive my gift cards in the mail.
Matter of fact she gave me some information I had totally forgot about and I appreciate that every time I call.
I don't really think anything could have been better Francesca contacted the people that I needed to contact and she was able to speak to them and that helped me a lot thank you.
The lady that helped me name was Linda and she absolutely answered every question I had and I can't think of a single thing that could've been done better.
Ellie was the girl that helped me and she just did a fantastic job.
I had a very helpful lady that helped me.
We don't need to be paying all that and there was a woman talked to me day before yesterday and she was gonna look into this and she wanted my son's telephone number because I had tin worms and they wouldn't believe it they said I was crazy.
I'll be 87 years old in July and an old woman a-crying and doing and begging for help the shape I was in and hurting and then them threw me out the door and the crazy thing and I went to the doctor and she wrote me out and told me to hunt me another doctor.
Otherwise I must (unclear) very satisfied with Anita because she took the time to question it and explain it and took the time for me to explain to her so hopefully I was hoping I'll get it but she said it'll take a week so I'm hoping that I will get it and not miss the deadline for what I need it for.
I appreciated all her help she gave me.
Actually the employee who helped me today her name was Jessica did a marvelous job.
Who should have been notated in the beginning that I normally and I'm her daughter call in on her behalf instead of keep having my mother get up when she's not feeling well.
And she answered my questions and she even called my eye doctor so there's really nothing that could've done better.
She was so helpful I will ask for her again when I call.
I probably have her name misspelled but Mertiti or something but she was absolutely very good.
Danielle was wonderful and I had very little waiting time so I can't think of a thing you need to do to do better.
The first one well I guess they were both with Optum but the first one was English is not her first language and it was very difficult to deal with her.
I forgot to hang on the phone for the last survey with Olivia and she was wonderful and then when I called back Dennis was too but Olivia was very helpful.
She really got down and explained certain things to me that I wasn't quite sure about and I would recommend her to anybody.
I had a very helpful lady help me and I really enjoyed talking to her and appreciated her help.
I mean she was able to give me information that I direly needed for my husband 'cause he's going through a lot of medical issues right now and I'm very grateful for her.
I didn't have to wait very long and Patricia the representative was very patient and she looked up 2 or 3 different doctor's names for me.
She was very thorough in answering my questions and I cannot think of anything that she could that could have been done to improve.
The girl that I talked to was just a little bit hard to understand all the time and she didn't seem I don't know how new she is to it but she didn't seem to have all the questions.
She had to look them up to make sure she was doing it correct so I'm not 100% sure that I've gotten all the correct questions that I wanted.
but otherwise she was good and she you know tried to help it's just that she was a little hard understanding speaking.
It wasn't her fault but whoever I spoke to the time before did not help me and has put this on hold for 3 more weeks and I am very unhappy with it.
She was very good and to the point and made me feel very comfortable on the phone talking to her so kudos to United Health for having such personnel.
Miss Angeline was the lady that took care of us today and I'm looking at the phone and it's going on 57 minutes since the initial call but she has gone over and above in helping us because she called.
I don't have any complaints and she was really good so I appreciate her taking time.
I spoke with Elena today and she was extremely helfpul.
Well Donna already did it in terms of her customer relations and even though she could not solve some of the problems that your company needs to deal with she saved the account and she is wonderful.
The person was really trying to help me a lot figure out some things like there was a lot of explaining what was going on too which you know is so nice of her to take the time to do but I just had to get on to other things too.
She was just fabulous wanna give her all the credit for taking all the stress out of my day.
The lady that helped me I think she said her name was Shanna something like that.
I was so upset I was in tears and she still made me have a smile on my face and laugh at the end.
So she helped me with that as well as I explained to her about my rheumatologist and she couldn't put it in there because it was back in last year of what he did and said that was so long and she tried to put it in there but it was before I had you all for my insurance.
She really is one of a kind and I wish I could talk to her instead of anybody else because she really made me feel special.
Very helpful and I enjoyed talking with her very much and she gave me exactly what I needed.
No problems but the girl did not bother to check for me and I was very disappointed in United Healthcare for that reason.
I think she had some issues with just understanding my spelling of the various names I gave her but she was able to get everything correct.
I won't be rude but Lisa she was excellent.
She was wonderful to talk to and we found that with everybody that we've talked to in your organization when we've needed help in the transfer over to Medicare.
I don't know what else to say about it because she did good and I'm sorry my vocabulary's not any better than it is but all I can say is I was very pleased with her like I say again her concern about my problem or help from this in my problem and she did everything that's possibly possible to solve my problem.
Alexis did everything that had to be done and she explained it very easy for me and she was a very good representative.
And wanted to let you folks know she did a wonderful job of phoning information to another representative we spoke to last week.
And I will tell you that the girl that dealt with me and helped me greatly her name was Erica so I think she needs a something special.
I have the lady that I talked she (unclear) and I couldn't ask for a better person to talk to.
I have a wife with dementia and I was rushing the girl to give me answers but I know she had to do her job and everything went fine.
So the lady today was real nice but I was gonna get the doctor to do it again if he will.
I really enjoyed talking with her and her helping me.
There wasn't anything that y'all could do better because Michelle did a real good job explaining all my medications.
She's a lovely kind caring helpful person on the phone and I enjoyed meeting her.
Brianna was the agent that I spoke to and she was very helpful and the only thing that could have been better would have been that if UHC could have given me a referral directly to one of the doctors that Brianna listed to me.
The lady that I had was very thorough and I don't think she could have done anything better for me.
The associate that helped me was very knowledgeable and she went the extra step to take care of my problem.
I'm sorry I didn't get her name but she was extremely helpful to me.
I think the young lady explained it to me very well.
The she was wonderful and really helped me square away my most recent call which was a few weeks ago where I changed my PCP.
And today and so that's why I called today and today Michelle corrected everything that was done incorrectly a few weeks ago and so you should clone her.
Everything was just fine no problems and Marlene was wonderful helping me through this problem.
The lady that I had on the phone today with me she was so very helpful and helped me so much.
Nothing you couldn't have done anything Armetrius was fabulous she was so patient she was on the phone with me for over an hour.
So I called back again and this girl Tasha seemed very helpful but I don't know if the information I received is going to be of any use or not.
Whenever we couldn't get the name of our doctor she just right there on the spot and looked it up for her for us and that I appreciate.
The receptionist or whatever that worked on or talked to me today was very informative and very helpful and I think she did an excellent job and just keep hiring wonderful people to work for you like that.
I don't think you could have done anything better that gal was well informed looks like she's been on the job for a long time and she was great her attitude perfect.
Actually the young lady I spoke to was very helpful and I don't think there's anything else she could've done for me.
Actually everything the young lady helped me with was 5 stars she was so patient and just went above and beyond trying to help me.
She's real experienced and knowledgeable of her job and she gave me a satisfied mind what the problem that I had and I appreciate it.
I know the girl I talked to and the customer service was very nice and she's working on this.
Honestly I talked with Christine and she was wonderful and I don't know what she could have done more to answer my questions and help me get connected with a doctor.
The young lady was very courteous and took the time to look up some things for me and give me some information so yep I think it all.
Except I put her on hold because I'd gotten another call and I disconnected her so I tried calling back and I don't know where she was but I was connected with somebody in Houston so I guess it was wrong but it was good service.
The last call I made to the person spent a lot of time with me and she was great.
The gentleman Lewis was extremely helpful especially since this was not for me it was for a friend and I am hoping that she will switch insurance from I think it's Etna but I'm not sure because they certainly aren't doing anything for her.
I spoke with a wonderful lady and she took care of my problems.
That was in your network and she had to make lots of telephone calls to find one that could see me relatively soon and she did good.
I was looking for a orthopedic doctor (unclear) she gave me two (unclear) and I was satisfied.
It was nothing else to do but she had a very good conversation with me and that's what I liked.
The customer service lady that helped me today was very good and she touched all bases.
And she was very pleasant and she answered all my questions and mostly it's gonna be resolved I might have to call back within a month it is a lab core situation you know not anything with UHC.
May the customer service rep was very helpful I don't know if I can she could've been any more helpful than she was.
The young lady named Priscilla I think her name was she was very efficient and got me the information I wanted.
I think Connie Sue was a help but the two other people I spoke to before her they were not helping me with sending my new PCP ID card out.
I don't know because the gal I talked to really dug to find the answer to my situation and she satisfied that terrifically.
Hello This is Susan Burny here and I just finished speaking with one of your agents she was very good very accurate and she made sure that I understood everything.
And she said that's good and she was very pleasant knew everything that she was talking about and asked me how the insurance was going for me and I said very well.
And she told me about working the night shift and I said I remember that and it's very important to eat she said I know because I got a little you know jittery and off.
I received a very nice response from people like Genesis and the other lady I forgot her name I'm so sorry.
There's really nothing because she done such a great job and satisfied all my questions and what I was nervous about you need to give her a raise.
Well there's a second person who helped me today was a much more helpful but she needs to talk to the biller to completely resolve the problem.
Put me on hold and made some phone calls herself to help me with my problem and I appreciate her so much.
She understood my problem she explained it and she resolved it and I really want her to be commended for her attention in her customer service skills and her friendliness and professionalism all in one.
She explained things and she said if I have problems to call back about 60 days and I thank her for that.
I thought she was great knowledgeable and gave me exactly what I needed to know.
The first call I made the lady was a little confused and put me on hold for quite a while so I hung up and re called.
Not really much because the woman that was on the other end of the line was very thorough and helped me a lot.
She was able to patch us through to Tabitha with Optum RX prescription and it was a wonderful experience and I will recommend UHC to everybody I know.
Hi (unclear) was a pleasure to work with and it couldn't have been improved upon it was a positive experience (unclear) set me up for electronic (unclear) transfer on my monthly Medicare RX plan payments and she also took care or my current ones as well as filling up my new month and she explained everything and was outstanding.
The last time I was with one of your agents she told me she did everything and it turned out she did nothing.
I wanted to cancel one appointment and establish another and the representative her name was (Unclear) she was absolutely fabulous.
My name is Mary Carter and I was very satisfied with the lady who helped me.
Both representatives did a wonderful job and I don't know her ID number but her name was Roxie and she was very very helpful and very kind.
I mean I went right to the option I needed and this nice lady come on and she pretty much checked everything that need to be checking out and I was happy with it.
He was very nice and explained everything and now all I have to do is message my doctor and tell her what I want if she can give it to me.
I don't know of anything that could've been done better because the young lady was perfect and she helped me a lot.
What they could done better nothing she Tequila did a great job and I hope if I have to call back again I get her again because she was so nice.
Jennifer was wonderful she answered all my questions and there was nothing she could've done better.
I just I really appreciate her she was very kind and she got all the and she spend a lot time answering my questions.
Nothing could've been done better Edna whose in Missouri I asked for her name and state that she was in.
Everything's fine she was very polite and she surveyed my insurance more so it was a I had a nice experience with her.
I honestly don't believe she could've done any more Joy was very nice she looked and she went above and beyond even some questions that I asked and things that I really should've asked.
Everything was done perfectly I really appreciated her help enormously and she was great.
There is absolutely nothing that Dawn could've done any better to help this situation she was more than helpful she went beyond what was necessary to get my situation straightened out for me.
And she went way beyond the call of duty trying to research things to find out the right answers and I so appreciate her.
the nail on the head she was very explaining to me and explained that the mail she's gonna be sending my way was gonna be all self explored.
Actually there wasn't anything I needed this young lady who helped me was very thorough and she looked up everything I needed.
I am completely satisfied your representative Jamie went out of her way to assist me and I am 100% satisfied.
Appreciate the time that she took and everybody was very gracious and helped me a lot.
When she told me something and she was helping me find a place she even told me about the transportation services so that I would be able to get to this appointment.
And I got it from Nicole at customer service and I was real appreciative of that.
I don't remember the name of the lady I talked to but she was very efficient and helped me.
Today Erin helped me and she gave me the answers that I've been trying to get for the last 5 days.
Yeah I just wanted to change my primary doctor and the girl was very helpful.
She said this would cost more but then I told her what they said and so she's made retroactive which is very nice and so I don't have anything else you could have done right now.
Shantera I believe her name is out of Georgia was very helpful.
your representative was great and she gave me something that I didn't know I had and she was wonderful very knowledgeable of everything I needed.
I had Kathy help me and she went way beyond what she had to do and I appreciate it.
The lady that helped me was just great she was very fast she took care of it not a problem.
Nothing she was very well up to date on her information that she was giving me and I appreciate the help.
She made sure that I didn't use it to do the survey with her and her name was Amanda and I didn't like it.
I was hoping that I had dental coverage and I don't so that's the problem but I the girl was very courteous.
I don't remember her name I'll try to remember her name Lou it had slipped my mind but that's something I think that everybody should come across with information to know.
She found out what I had asked about and she did it in a nice amount of time and was very pleasant and I have absolutely no bad feelings.
The person I spoke with was very helpful and she could not have done anything better than what she did do.
I need to be able to speak to the person again and her name was Sue.
Michelle Fuller gave me quality customer service I want y'all to look into her she deserve a raise.
She explained everything to me you know how the billing works and everything so that I would understand that.
was a very good listener and she expressed that she would get my complaint to the correct people.
Well the lady I talked to today's name was Sally and she was very helpful and did what I needed to be done.
There wasn't anything that could've been done better because the young lady Jacqueline helped me out and answered my questions and I was very satisfied.
I got transferred 5 times before I got this lady here and she did wonderful.
She made it easy for me to understand what I needed to know and she helped me take care of it.
I think you need to train people better because the girl I had today was wonderful and she gave me the correct information and her name was Dana.
The first person that I talked with yesterday I don't remember her name but she had me quite upset because she told me my doctor was not in the network and my doctor is.
I spoke with Lauren and she was absolutely wonderful.
Well actually nothing because everything was answered and I understood once she explained the program to me.
No the rep was very kind and I have a hearing problem so she did speak up and she was very clear.
She was very good very knowledgeable and I appreciate talking to her because she had all the answers exactly what I needed to know.
I just had a great conversation with Daniela and she was great towards ending my issues there and everything with joining the fine team of Optum Rx.
My understanding of it is still not quite clear but I think she was very helpful or tried to be so and so she can't you know in other words she was good silver takes care of that right.
The female was nice and I wish I could've talked to her more but everything happens for a reason that she had a lot of callers to take.
And she helped me out with everything and she told me about some updated programs that I'm gonna check into and I appreciate her effort.
She told me what I needed to know and if I needed anything else to call call them back (unclear) and I was glad to know that.
'Cause she told me everything I want to know and she was very nice.
Took her time and I've never had a problem with anyone that works there and they've always been so helpful and I really appreciate it.
You could've whoever answered my first phone call hung up on me because I didn't understand her and I'm 83 years old and wear hearing aides and she hung up on me.
And I was very pleased with her kindness and she took care of everything I needed.
Tracy who provided a solution to this problem was amazing and she needs to get extra recognition for a wonderful customer service representative.
Ashley just took care of me all up and down and I even know what I'm doing now that I talked to her.
She called the people billing me and got it straight and so I don't know that could've been improved it was really good like it was.
I trusted her and she explained everything clearly and precisely and I really appreciated her help.
You guys she done everything she could for me and I very much appreciate.
I just got off the phone with a very nice lady and she was a big help.
I'm a little hard of hearing but I certainly appreciate her approach to talking to to talking to me.
Well this young girl she was very good and the only thing I think that could be done better is that like when I called her I needed to her to call my the doctors office or counseling center I'm going to and she couldn't because they're closed.
She went in to the help desk and she was very courteous so no there was nothing she could've improved on because she did an excellent job already.
I don't hear very well on the phone and the quality of the phone call itself was not good but she worked through it with me.
One time tell her what I needed and she took care of it for me so I'm 100% satisfied.
You know what? Everything was taken care of very professionally very efficiently and this gentleman Paul from your staff is very pleasant to talk to especially an older lady and then she helped with my medication problem.
But she helped me on the dates and that is what I needed and now I can keep on going with my copies to being reimbursed for this and I appreciate this very much.
It's so surprising to get someone with her knowledge and I assume that she was a lady.
She didn't tell me that one way or another but her name was Edward so I think that you should commend her because she's very knowledgeable and very sweet.
She did a wonderful job and I was very appreciative that's why I gave her a 10.
And you know he was I just have to say goodbye and I called today so Jacqueline was very nice and she did help me.
No I don't have any problems everything went real smooth like and the girl was very professional and she answered all my questions so we're completely happy okay? Alright goodbye.
There was nothing else that she could have done any better than she did she did an excellent job she got me my information quickly and also offered other assistance in other areas I really appreciated her service her name was Felicia .
I was very very pleased with the person that helped me I got through quickly she was clear and precise she listened to me she was positive and upbeat she gave me the information that I needed so I could find nothing that I could say that would improve what she did it was superior and I really appreciate that 'cause you don't often get that from a lot of the other sources thank you bye.
Nothing the person that helped me Cynthia was very thorough confident and she (unclear) until she found out the information that I was needing.
The young lady I spoke to was absolutely lovely but she is having a problem her system was down so we just keep adding mine but I've never spoken to a nice young lady.
And the girl that helped me her name was Will and she was very good with whatever I had for questions.
My agent she was very pleasant and she did an excellent job explaining it to me so everything was excellent thank you.
And also well that's good enough Renee in Orlando Florida is who I talked to and she was excellent.
And the two 9's I gave was no reflection on Renee at all 'cause she was very helpful and everything.
Nothing could've been better the young lady I had a big problem and I wish I could remember the name of the young lady who helped me but I thought I had a very serious situation regarding being in network and she looked up the names of several doctors and she said I am in network and she was most helpful and I told her she was an angel and I think she deserves a raise if everybody's as helpful as she is you're doing darn good thank you very much bye bye.
(Unclear) I think or the communication with Leana the young lady who worked with UHC was very clearly she pronounces her words very clearly and I understood everything she said and she spoke loud where I could hear her so for 1 to 4 with 4 being the best I would definitely have to say number 4.
I really can't think of anything else she answered the phone right away and she answered my question so in a way that I could understand so I can't think of anything better that she could have done.
The representative was a real real nice person I really did and she did everything and answered all my calls thank you.
Jasmine was very knowledgeable and (unclear) the doctor with whom I spoke to and I really appreciate that and overall.
Came back and she said it was valid and wished me a happy weekend and asked if she could do anything else and clone her because she's wonderful.
I needed clarification and Kiana was able to help me.
This lady was absolutely amazing no one could've done better than she did she was wonderful.
I can't tell you how much I appreciated her because she got the problem solved and she was so sweet.
She give me the best advice that she could give me and I forget who I spoke with but because I was so rudely.
I was sound asleep when they woke me up and so anyhow she has helped me out rightly.
She handled the problem and what I needed and she got me where I had to go and she was just great.
The girl that I spoke with was most wonderful and gave me all of the information available I couldn't be happier thank you.
All the help I got was excellent Janis who the lady who helped me I wish I could give her a big hug thanks.
did all that she could do with respect to my issue and the fact that she took my complaint and will move it forward.
I don't know if I need to give her name but (unclear) she was very helpful to me.
It's just basically me getting out there making phone calls and finding out if any of these contacts that she gave me are good contacts.
No everything went fine the lady that helped me she was very nice.
It was spot on I didn't have to wait she was pleasant and got the information right away.
There is nothing that I can say the call I didn't have to wait long for the call for someone to come on the phone and she was very accommodating and very cheerful and very helpful and very sweet.
There's some factors that we can't predict so she can't give me definite answers on something that you know you can't predict so within her ability to give me the answer she did a really good job.
And she did that very well I really don't have anything that she could have (unclear) that would've improved the service that I got today.
The service person helped me a lot she was very helpful so I can't think of anything that could've been different.
I gave her the information and she was unable to promptly get me off the phone and as it turns out she couldn't just hang.
Well what (unclear) was an excellent help but it took quite a while because her computer kept crashing or something but she really helped me but I've been on the phone probably about 45 minutes but I do appreciate all the help thank you.
Nothing everything was great the young lady took care of me on the phone was really wonderful she answered all my questions.
So I thank her very much for doing that and also she checked other things for me she was just super good and I'm really grateful that I got her on the phone because she really helped me and she was very knowledgeable.
She really didn't go out of her way to find the information that I asked for until I got very upset because I knew it was wrong.
I would've recommended when I was speaking to the United Healthcare person Rose if she could've explained what was going on with my sister Dorothea Riter's account however speaking with Tony about the Optum RX part was wonderful he was great.
Everything was fine the representative was professional she was pleasant she took care of the issue for me and I didn't have a problem getting you know anything.
My name is Franco (unclear) I was just on the phone with a young lady by the name of Jessica and she solved my problem beautifully again you need to have a number as far as (unclear) satisfaction.
she even looked up the doctor I was interested in and she's gonna have me a providers book sent and I sure do thank you.
The second rep was terrific she answered my questions and she was really good I just think the first rep needs a little more training.
Well actually I was speaking (unclear) representative and she was very pleasant and if all of them is like her then everything's fine.
It was a blessing to me to (unclear) Kelsey by phone and answering all my questions and nothing can be done better on here than to promote her because she's really the best okay.
Not one single thing the lady that I talked with did an absolute wonderful job in explaining and looking up information for me.
(unclear) help me with my medication which she did all the way and she (unclear) no problem at all and she helped me and I (unclear) it.
And I love it (unclear) help me with my problem with my medication and told her she was a wonderful woman helping me out with this.
Everything was great I can't think of anything better she answered all my questions she asked me if I needed any other help with anything else so I think she did an excellent job.
So the young lady that helped me was very patient and did more than what I expected her to do in trying to look up things to make me feel more at ease.
She gave the one that she couldn't find out exactly how much it would cost she gave me a worst case scenario and she and that was about all I could ask for.
Nobody was covering what I needed on Medicare and they and then it wasn't there for me and but I would like to recommend Luki that I just finished talking to highly professional and her attitude was so beautiful.
she was courteous and got me the information that I needed pretty quick so I don't think there's anything that you could've done better.
Was really aware of the topic that I was talking about and I appreciate her help and she deserves a 10 plus.
But the gal did a wonderful job and she was polite and recognized that yesterday was my mother's 95th birthday.
She was very understanding but the representative before Theresa went above and beyond also to help me and she just.
Kris was an absolute joy and when she came on the phone she said everything is taken care.
I was satisfied the way she handled the call so in my opinion everything was okay.
No there was a little snafu but the lady that helped me took care of everything and reassured me and I'm I got excellent service.
Yes I was more than happy with the lady I talked to and she helped me out a lot and she gave me some more information I needed that I hadn't thought about before.
I understood exactly what she told but it's ashamed that I had to call twice to have it done properly.
she helped me so much and gave me such good advice and everything and helping me with my United Healthcare problem and she was so wonderful.
I don't know how best to improve the service that I received from the young lady that helped me with my issue.
And she looked everything up for me but was unable to do anything because of this is Saturday she couldn't call the people for me and next week she's off until I believe Friday so I didn't she left notes on my husband's account but I'll have to call back next week and see if I can get that taken care of thank you.
You could (unclear) customer service and her personality is (unclear) (unclear) she needed to tell me and I just need to get back to her on Monday since today has been (unclear) but that's what I'll do but I loved her.
Nothing much she was very nice and professional and she helped me out a lot and she answered all my questions and she got me what I needed and I thank her thank you she's a good employee.
The young lady that I spoke with was very very nice answered all of my questions fully and she couldn't have done a better job.
I had a very helpful agent in Angie that took care of my issue and gave me a direction that I needed.
The lady that I spoke with was very nice very knowledgeable and she told me what I needed to know and I thank her so much.
But Sara took care of me and Bradley he's a supervisor and also I just hung up with William (unclear) and he's in Arkansas and they've all been real nice but because of my schedule I Forgot to look at the calendar.
Nothing could have been done better except I needed a straight phone number in and when I had her on the phone I got it so I'm fine and she was a 10.
Well I just got done speaking to Susie and she did a terrific job.
She gave me more information than I thought was possible and now I'm going to go online where she sent me to to look up some things and I really appreciate it.
Was very rude Mia was very rude to Tiffany and myself during the call so I just want to put that one on this one too.
It's spelled something like Nomink who totally explained it to me the different tiers and never rushed me she was excellent at her job.
And she was quite helpful so I'm pleasantly surprised and appreciate her efforts to give me more information than I ask for.
Well actually everything I needed to know was very well covered by Ally she was very thorough she took her time she asked questions if she wasn't sure what I was asking.
I was at the wrong place to get the information I wanted but she was very nice.
I think the lady did a tried doing her best and so I I'm just appreciative for that.
I didn't have any issues with the lady other than I am hard of hearing and sometimes it was a little hard to understand exactly what she was saying.
Lisa was awesome and she told me about a service I didn't even know I was eligible for.
Saying my best friend Elisa from Manila also from my little sister.
She was very nice and I just wanted to know if that doctor was on your plan and she looked it up and he was.
she went above and beyond what she was supposed to do and I really appreciate that and she needs to be highly rated because she was really awesome.
I don't know her name but she was wonderful.
The first time I got hung up (unclear) representative without a prescription and this was a new order so when I hung up the second time it went to a advocate and she handled the problem correctly thank you.
Toby was wonderful informative kind she listened to me she made me feel better.
I called a few places couldn't find it the lady was very nice that I spoke to and she was helpful but apparently 'cause I live way east you don't have anything for urgent care that's east in (unclear) or Hollywood.
Well as far as the gal that served me today she was excellent.
So I believe the gal in the mean time I already saw the new doctor and established rapport with him and the gal who took care of me today was very calm and very good about helping me.
She got the information for me that I needed and it received my anxiety over confusion and she deserves a compliment for her good work.
I was treated with courtesy and I also appreciate all the time that she spent with me.
I was nervous throughout most of the conversation because she couldn't find one and then she was able to find one for me.
I had a little bit of difficulty understanding the gal she was very sweet and very sympathetic but I don't know I just had trouble understanding and had to have her repeat things but other than that she was wonderful.
Very polite and understood exactly what I was asking for and she solving the problem.
I called again the first time but it was like she was (unclear).
And I thank the young lady for helping me out and her name was CiCi.
The young lady that was talking to me was truly a blessing and she solved my problems.
When I called UHC this time I spoke to a lady named Jane and she went above and beyond what she could've.
I was calling about the Rewards cards and Brenda down in Florida did a excellent job.
Her name was Stephanie and I really liked all the help she gave me.
Jeanine was able to help me and discover that the letter I got from you guys was actually a scam.
This person I just talked to had a very good attitude and she explained a lot to me and she took time to listen to me about some of my health problems and I give her a grade A you know score.
When I was turned over to the pharmacy she did a better job of letting me know how the (unclear) works but I'm still not I'm (unclear) little confused about some things.
Very she came back and told me every couple of times you know that she was still working on it and she was just excellent.
Your agent was so interested in being polite and getting me I don't know what she was doing.
Because she helped me out and she did some research for me that I wasn't expecting so y'all need to give her a raise.
They did she was just wonderful the lady that helped me.
Sweetheart you have cut me off from the young lady that I was talking to that was trying to help me.
Melissa was very helpful and she was looking in for things and getting the answers on comparison shopping for the drugs that I needed so I really thank her very much for that.
She made the call to my physician's office to get the situation straightened out and Norma was exceptionally nice and she did a great job.
The lady who talked to me she treat me so nice and be very patient with me.
The girl was very knowledgeable and she answered all my questions so I would say there would be nothing better she could have done.
Everybody always does a good job and especially Christina P who I guess worked with me very closely for about forty minutes and took care of everything very professionally.
I just spoke with Tracy and she was probably the most awesome rep at UHC I have ever talked to over the years.
I don't know her last name but she was just phenomenal with help and resources and stuff like that.
She helped me do everything and I really appreciated all the information she gave me.
Well you right on track with me because I like to talk and she was all ears for me.
And I explained some things about my daughter and she said she understood what I was talking about and I couldn't have been more satisfied.
The girl I talked to today was really good and did explain everything to me and I think she was excellent so far.
That's the only thing I could say is actually I gave her my contract number and she had to look something up.
I was talking to somebody about some physical therapy that I need and she was gonna transfer me and I got hung up.
I had just lost my husband a few months ago and I was crying on and off.
The person that handled my call I'm sorry I did not get her name but she's very professional.
None because I am perfectly satisfied with the service Isabel gave me who helped me and solved my problem.
I had a girl named Ashley who really straightened me out and had a lot of patience with me.
I'm satisfied Sharla helped me with what I needed asked if I needed some other things and I which I did not but never the less always good to know what's available.
But anyway today Renae was excellent hopefully she'll get the results I need and just in the past they've been polite about things and say they were gonna help but from what I understand it's all been done incorrectly since the beginning of January.
I called back my second time calling about a different issue and she handled it beautifully just really you know went the extra mile for me.
She helped me with a problem that I have and she completed everything and she is nice and kind.
I just think she needs somebody to let her know what she should do to correct it.
Cheyenne could have listened to what I asked her to do rather than asking me repeatedly what she could help me with.
This lady that just helped me today and May 28th she was wonderful in explaining the things and trying to help me with the office or the main office.
The lady that helped me was very nice and did everything she could do help me.
I've been a member of AARP since I was fifty years old.
She made sure that I knew that I was covered under the doctor that I was calling about.
I just appreciate how nice she was and how she was of understanding where I didn't know really what I was asking.
He did a wonderful job and connected me to Walgreens stayed on the phone with me.
I couldn't I have notes and try to tell you at the beginning just give her a ten for everything because I knew there wasn't anything she did wrong.
So the second time I did speak with Crystal and she was wonderful.
And the lady that I talked with didn't have any information about that but she was able to help me now that I have some coverage on my hearing aides so that part was good to know but it didn't sound like the recorded call was accurate on saying there was something (unclear) find out about UHC.
Today on this particular call this young lady was very knowledgeable very nice I don't know of anyway she could improve the way she showed assistance.
She gave me all the information that I needed and I really had a very good talk on face to face and I think she was terrific so I have nothing to say that she lacked as far as I'm concerned she was terrific thank you.
I really can't think of anything she was very helpful and went through a couple doctors that I have on the list and found me one that was available so everything was excellent thank you.
She ended up transferring me back to where I had to go through all of this again you know to qualify myself with my date of birth what I was calling for and everything.
I'm glad I got a nice lady to talk to me and explain.
tell everybody about this heath care coverage and the person that I spoke to was very (unclear) and she helped me through everything.
I also had called a few weeks ago and there was a gal that her name was Samantha and she was excellent too.
She helped me on 3 different items so she had a lot to do and I appreciate her time.
So really Nicole did a wonderful job I mean there's a lot that work there they had to check out and everything and like I said I will be calling back in 30 days to see if everything's been taken care of.
She explained why and shared that I might be responsible for six thousand I done paid over five thousand of that so she satisfied my mind.
I just wanted to know if the doctor was covered and she did a good job and that's all.
laurel was extremely helpful and she picked up where one of your other representatives that I couldn't reach a supervisor left off and she was very patient.
She was wonderful the young woman that I dealt with so I really can't say there could be anything she could do any better.
So anyhow the young lady was very nice said she'd talk to her supervisor and kept calling bariatric surgery outpatients which is not really the case.
There is absolutely nothing else the young lady could've helped me with and she was very courteous very respectful she answered all my questions put my mind at ease.
I don't know what else to say except she was great and she cleared up a lot things for me and I truly appreciate it.
But Dee was very helpful and I'm thankful that you know she stayed on the line and found a little more stuff for me.
Well I talked to someone named Cynthia and she couldn't find my couldn't spell my name.
You have a wonderful young lady in Carrie and she gave me absolutely the information that I needed.
There were a few things she had to look up on the webpage which now I'm familiar with and I can look it up myself from now on.
She could not have been more courteous more complete more thorough and she really eased my concern took care of my problem and I would recommend her.
Aurora was wonderful calmed me down gave me a time table I could work with and she did an excellent job.
I had another girl April 23rd who did not help me as much but this girl Renee was superb.
I had (unclear) explain to me about the money being billed and (unclear) the line I'm not too familiar with how you guys do it and I must say she was just delightful to talk to and she explained it all and she told me if I get any bills from the doctor to call you guys and I will because I'm kind of lost with this insurance.
Like I said that lady deserves a gold star and I have no idea what's he said her name was now but she was fantastic.
I talked to (unclear) and she was a great help to me and also to my husband.
I enjoyed speaking to Erica concerning everything that I had did when it came to my health and everything and the wellness visit and what not.
The person I was talking to her I think she said her name is Marcy but I'm not 100 percent sure but she was probably the best I've ever talked to and they are all very good.
Your representative was excellent she was very pleasant to talk with and I could understand everything she was telling me and she got my problem resolved right away and I just totally appreciate it and it was very good.
The lady Jackie that I spoke with was very professional but your operators need to know what the NPI means when I asked about an NPI number she didn't know what NPI stood for.
The lady I talked to was very helpful and actually she went above and beyond checking on some other things so she was awesome and I don't know how you could could have improved very cheerful and courteous and just a great experience so bye bye.
She gave me she was dead on with the information and she helped me very much.
I think that she did everything she could for me and I appreciated her time.
The last customer service rep I talked with was hard to understand and (unclear) understand what she was trying to tell me.
Jasmine helped me give me a confirmation number to the conversation and that was very nice because the doctor's office told me that the (unclear) that he's going to prepare for my feet are not covered by insurance and she explained how to go about it and get the benefits clarified so I really do appreciate that.
I'm giving the rep I talked to a 10 and she's very patient and she checked on several things in different ways and she was very nice.
I think that she cleared up the problem and her name is Kim and she was very good.
I think that the young woman Randy took care of all my questions.
The a lady that was helping me today went above and beyond helping me and I couldn't think of anything that I needed to see corrected in our conversation.
She is the best I've ever talked to concerning my medical and helping me.
This is the first time I got a good answer from Karen she gave me helped me a lot.
Karen did a good job in helping me procuring another doctor to help me.
Well the girl that we talked to was just great but my only complaint is that our previous doctor kind of left in a hurry and left us with trying to find another doctor.
She was listening caring knew her information very polite she I mean she was just handled the call very well.
So I think that you got a good one there and I remember her say her beautiful name her name is Marrene so I was completely satisfied.
I am satisfied with her helping and I was skilled so one to ten I give her a twelve.
So that's why I called and she verified and said it hadn't been approved and I don't know who the young man was that called me.
Angie and Melissa because I got some very information from them.
I didn't have to wait very long and the lady I talked to was very gracious and made it clear answered my questions and so I don't know anything.
After I talked to the representative she went and put me on hold and it was a long time until she came back.
I have received well help from the agent Becky and the truth is I'm very satisfied to have a lot of time.
Had I spoken to who I spoke to today first of all I would've had a better experience because she was knowledgeable and this was my 6th phone call prior to her no one understood what my problem was.
The agent I just spoke with was (unclear) she was so great everything was complete didn't have any questions she was able to complete my transaction in no time and was so friendly.
So I was very satisfied with Amanda's help and able to calm my worries about how things would change with the program and I couldn't be happier with the help I got from her and I couldn't be happier with the prescription program that you guys have.
No Barb was very has lot of customer service (unclear) gave me a lot of information and she helped me out.
Really nothing your customer service rep Keesha was wonderful she clarified everything and was a big help.
Can't imagine what it was Kristen is the rep that I spoke with she was very appropriate she had to look up the information.
Shannon was perfect she was very kind and considerate and she listened well and that's why I gave compliments to her supervisor because I needed help and Shannon solved my problem and helped me.
Well I felt like the person who I spoke to was a little bit slow to catch onto what I was trying to accomplish but that might have been because of the way I gave her information but once we were on the same page she was very helpful.
I just have lots of questions but she was on top of everything.
Skye helped me with this and she went above and beyond helping me with an ambulance bill that I have they have been billing me for now for about a year and she got it straightened out for me and I really appreciate it.
I can't think of anything because she got the information I needed and gave it to me in a very friendly manner so I'm very pleased.
I was the lady that I talked to was very helpful and helped me get this resolved.
You guys were great my rep was wonderful her name was Karen.
I don't think you could've done anything any better Elli the girl that helped me was really nice and she answered my questions.
The young lady that helped me was so sweet and explained everything in detail to me to where I could understand it.
Danielle really was a God send and helped me solve a problem I've been working on for nearly 7 weeks.
Amanda was very helpful with getting my dental coverage reinstated and making sure that my wife's was still on for the 2nd month.
Her name was Amber and she was wonderful but I was on the phone I was getting ready to hang up I just didn't think anybody would ever come.
She was excellent in helping me and (unclear) with you all so I could get my medicine mailed to me.
I recommend that she gets a promotion because she helped me throughout the time that I waited for her to help me and I did get results at the end so I appreciate that.
Your service was excellent and the lady did great and I can't think of anything for the request that I needed for it to be any better than what it was and thank you bye.
She helped me in every way possible and she was very sweet very kind and she resolved the issue for me and I wish you had a hundred more people just like her.
Nothing really because she answered Samantha answered all my questions she was very courteous and when she was going to put me on hold she let me know that you know she checked in to let me know you're still on hold I haven't left you she was just very professional and everything.
She was very informative and I hope if I ever have to call again I get her.
Everything was handled very well I was just alarmed when I got this denial from your company but now everything's she said everything's taken care of.
And the truth is she made my day because I've never had a service that was so professional and very caring.
She just went completely out of her way to you know answer any questions and you know explain things.
Rhonda the young lady that I spoke with on the phone was very helpful very professional and she did an extremely good job in explaining something concerning my benefits and I do appreciate all her help.
The lady (unclear) months I couldn't get an answer to my question and Derek took care of it great this morning so I feel much better.
So yes she was able to explain and she was willing to stay on hold so I could contact that company but rather than wasting her time and the other company's time I said that I would do some research on my own first.
Well this morning my experience was very good with a lady named Kim and I can't think of anything she could've done more to help me.
Well really I was helped by Carrie and I told her I needed to get ready to go to the doctor.
and she says well I will get this right quick and she was on the ball.
The first girl that I tried to talk to could not understand my name or English I called back the next girl Natasha was very friendly and nice.
I think in all the years I've been with UHC so high marks for her today previous calls not so much.
And she did the best she could to help me understand what was going on however I'm gonna have to now go to my hospital.
The only problem that I had was the woman that I spoke to had an accent and I had a little difficulty understanding her English that's all.
Everything today was wonderful I spoke with Theresa she knew exactly what I wanted how to take care of it and gave me the information that I needed so there wasn't anything that could have been done any better so I thank you very much bye bye.
I doubt there's anything you could've done better Kelsey was just fabulous she researched and answered my question it was somewhat of a difficult question and I think she was just tremendous I work with I used to be in IT and worked with the service reps quite a bit but I think she's the best I ever seen.
I also want to say that the nurse line I had before I had customer service Brandon she was just awesome and helped me so much also and I guess you have to take the survey after each call and then they kept transferring me but I want you to know that the nurse line Brandon was just awesome.
The resident I had Brenda J was excellent I had in the past 2 other people had talked to and they were not knowledgeable but Brenda was very knowledgeable I just think all people need to be trained the way Brenda was trained I appreciate her service.
Amanda helped me and she was very helpful and she even went above and beyond to make sure that I felt relief about my situation.
Actually there wasn't anything that Natasha didn't cover and she asked plenty of questions I think she was very knowledgeable and I really appreciated what she did for me and no negative just all positive.
I wish I can talk with her all the time every time I call but she was very good.
In all senses of the word your customer service representative Lauren was absolutely excellent did everything she could to help me but even she going down the list could.
But everything was really good so I don't have no input except the good one that I really understood she was very informative she gave me more information than I thought I was going to get and very happy about it and that's all I can say.
It was you after she answered you you still weren't sure that she was getting what you were saying.
Some of the questions the girl was not able to answer and that is understandable because this is very new and (unclear) to her and she did a good job.
She gave me some information on a chiropractor however most of them don't take insurance and stuff but she was really nice.
She even told me some things I didn't know about my (unclear) but she was very pleasant.
She helped me with everything that I needed and she was very nice and polite and I don't think you could have helped me with anything else.
on hold that she was still working on it and didn't want me to give up.
No there wasn't anything else that I needed taken care of and she was very helpful and I really appreciated her help.
There's nothing you could've done better the young woman I spoke to was named Sam she was very helpful and her English wasn't bad either I was very pleased with her performance she was really sweet.
Everything was fine she handled everything perfectly but it just takes so long to get through to someone to make a payment that was my only complaint not anything she had to do with it but it just takes so long to get through to you thank you.
Told me some things that I needed to know and I didn't know them so she did fantastic.
So I'm totally happy and her name was Natalie and she was great.
(Unclear) was very nice and she took care of me and she was much better than the other calls that I have had before.
The only issue I had was that the person that I spoke with was very difficult for me to understand her and I did have to keep you know asking her to repeat herself.
I've always gotten help and did good service and whatever whenever I had to call in.
nothing more I can say to improve but just to give her some good accolades and she did help my situation that I was calling about.
She took care of all my matters and I am and she was (unclear) so I am going to go on to my Ipad and get my (unclear) self squared away.
She was great and as far as I can see at this point she solved my problem.
I would've appreciated it if they had given me the in network dentist the first time I called but this lady Shamika she was very good and she gave me four dentists and I appreciate it.
But she tried very hard to be helpful and she did actually spell out the medication for me.
The (unclear) lady that (unclear) Tyrane Miss Tyrane I think that's her name the survey lady she was very nice with me.
I just want to tell you that Roxanne explained everything thoroughly to me in a professional manner.
The lady who took care of the problem very nice lady and I have no complaints whatsoever about it.
I loved her my husband had a chance to talk with her too.
However this lady did an OK job with me and I thanked her for that.
I speak (unclear) English and did for several times each time and she never (unclear) she cannot understand (unclear).
Miss Brenda young lady named Brenda helped me with the situation I had and she was professional.
She did a excellent job and everything was satisfactory so I really don't know anything else I can answer that I'm perfectly happy with the results.
I had a hard time understanding her and I think she had a hard time understanding me.
She was great and very friendly but it took quite a while for her to get me the information because I think they need to be more informed on the plan itself.
This very nice young lady offered to send it to me so that would have been the thing I needed.
I was totally happy with Michelle who handled my problem and she handled it professionally and explained well and I see nothing that you need to do to improve.
Christina helped me and she was excellent I really appreciate her help.
I was very fortunate in Marissa I think that's what she said her name was.
Picked up the phone and she helped me tremendously and she was just as nice and courteous as though I was her relative or something trying to help me out.
Kathy did a great job taking care of my vacation my passport and nope everything went great.
My representative was named Robin and she was very thorough and very helpful trying to get the information that I needed and even though she said it was a long time she did such a thorough job.
Excellent customer service and she found out what the problem was and she took care of it.
I patiently waited and she let me know that how long.
I would like to say that I spoke to a young lady by the name of Ally and she's in the West Virginia area and she was absolutely wonderful.
The person that helped me was very lovely and nice and there was not enough information for her to pull up the denied claim and so.
because I got a thing in my head I talk silly I made her laugh.
There's nothing else that you could done better because Eileen helped me out and she was very professional.
I think that Jessica the person I was speaking to did very well for me and was very courteous and I very much appreciate what the information that she found out for me.
(Unclear) could do for me you couldn't do it because she tried to do it but I wanted silver sneakers but she couldn't do it for me but I thank her for trying.
She just really tried hard to answer my question but she didn't have the information.
She was great and I've recommended UHC for a lot of people and (unclear) I was telling someone this morning about UHC.
she got the answer that I needed to have and the experience with UHC was wonderful which is why I've been with your for the past almost 5 years.
Somebody that you know took my issue seriously and tried to resolve is trying to resolve those issues for me and I really appreciate her time today and she was very she was wonderful.
Esmerelda really did a fantastic job and told me every single thing that really helped lower the prescription and I really appreciate it.
She was extremely comprehensive and I have to tell you she did more for my health by virtue of this phone call and her tolerance with all my questions that most of my doctors do.
The person was very very helpful and went out of her way to find out information for me and so I appreciate that quality of service.
Was very detailed and I really appreciate her help because I could not understand why my medication was not being covered this year.
My claim is still not resolved but I had a lady that helped me and she did a very good job.
I don't know what you could have done better but the young woman is going to check into why I had an issue at all and call me back and when she does it is resolved I will be totally satisfied.
I talked to Jane and I had a problem and she straightened me right out.
And Cindy who helped me was super nice and good on her job.
I think her name was Rochelle was really great on the phone very amicable and the transaction went fine.
Nothing she was wonderful she treated me well she handled all the issues and I think you should keep her for a long time.
but I could tell that she didn't have a whole lot of experience in answering some of the questions that I had.
Maybe she would be given a little bit more training on how the services that I asked about can be handled and I did get very specific with her and she did a good job.
But I'm not criticizing her she was extremely helpful very nice and very courteous to me so I don't want her to be thrown under the bus just because I feel like that she could've been a little bit more knowledgeable about what she was helping me with.
I just wanna say I talked to a girl named Casey today that really helped me out a lot and I really appreciate it.
The guy was really nice and then I just talked to another lady with the reward program and she was super nice.
I really did appreciate her concern how she took care of me.
The representative was well respective and was (unclear) listened to exactly what I was saying and she was very helpful to me and I just want you all to keep up the good work when it comes to representatives.
Everything went great on this current call Linda I believe she was in Florida she went above and beyond she answered my question I want to know was my antibiotic for my root canal covered in my under my package and she let me know that it was and she went above and beyond to help me not only that she had a nice and friendly attitude so everything went great.
There was nothing Elise could have done that would have made it any better she was very helpful and nice to speak with.
I can't think of anything to do better because Kimberly I hope that was her name was excellent and she knew what was going on and helped solve my mental problem here with an invoice.
I had a very nice conversation with my customer service person and it was enjoyable and she helped me a great deal.
I was on a phone call earlier and I spoke with a young lady named Myra and Myra was not very helpful.
You helped me out very very much and the girl in the dentist area she was just wonderful and I don't know her name but she was very very good.
The girl took care of everything made the phone call for me and had everything taken care of.
(unclear) wonderful she was patient she had all the information that I needed and she put me in the right direction.
Tonia anyway the girl is so excellent and the one that I talked to last month was very awesome also.
There's nothing they would have done better because the young lady that took care of me Jolene was so warm and good that she asked the questions so she could help me.
Oh I'm totally satisfied and the representative was just awesome and so she answered all my questions and she was great.
She did a wonderful job and I was very very happy with her and with the results that she gave me.
So she was on the phone for a long long time and I really think she did a marvelous job.
The representative today was very efficient in her duties and there was nothing else that she could have done other than what she did and she was most helpful thank you very much.
The person with whom I was speaking simply couldn't hear me or wasn't listening and certainly needed to be more in tune to what she was doing.
This is Karen Rancecofi and I did talk with Bonita the representative who was very helpful.
So you know really she couldn't help me but she was very nice and she helped me when she could.
what she had done is very good and it makes me feel good and want to call again.
Then I called again and talked to a new lady and I forgot her name and she was very good.
Oshiana treated me excellent and took care of all my needs.
I don't think that my customer representative Chantel could have done anything different as a matter of fact she was courteous.
She answered all my questions and she went aboard to be sure that I understood everything so I really appreciate it and I don't I know there is nothing that she could have done differently because everything was done in a very I don't know if (unclear) I mean it was just great just dealing with her and I would as I the represent recommend you to all anyone and I just thanked her so much for what she did now my mind is at ease.
There was nothing that I can think of that she didn't do or volunteer or said she was going to send me or information that she gave me.
She helped me in every way possible and if you could hire more employees like her it would help your business expediently and it was a blessing talking to her.
Actually Katherine did an excellent job and got all my problems taken care of and I really appreciate it.
Not any everything was wonderful and Renae was my representative and I would give her a 4 thank you.
I called I spoke to a Julie who could put me on hold for 11 minutes did not help me didn't know what I was talking about.
I spent one half hour and I finally got a lady on the line to help me and she was wonderful.
mentioning a person named Pamela who was extremely helpful and I mentioned to her that everyone always (unclear).
She offered to call me back in 30 minutes to an hour and I'm so happy and pleased with UHC right now.
She researched what I needed to know so I had a good experience and I appreciated all her help.
She explained everything quite sufficient for me and I do appreciate all her help and she was very polite.
I want to say that Michelle was fabulous with me.
She was so helpful and I'm so appreciative that she put notes in my report and everything and so now I can move forward and (unclear) help with this traumatic experience I've been having with my hair.
To help me get referrals for surgery that I'm having and she is she was so good so helpful she made the whole experience go very well for me.
The young lady on the phone called me by first name which is so rude she said she was she's an idiot that's what you could've done differently.
I put it some place it's not her fault but she was able to look it up on her end but I wasn't able to look at it on my end and see exactly what it was I wanted to ask her about so it's kind of unfair.
At least I guess that it's best of your ability she was telling me when I was on the plan and to my knowledge I've always been with UHC during the time I was in the hospital.
And I was completely satisfied with my conversation with her and she just keep up the good work for UHC patients.
I'm sorry actually everybody's always treated me with respect that was an error I should have pushed 4 but the biggest thing the lady today was very good Tamika she gave me the correct information I believe but the last lady I talked to about having a home heath aid she thought oh yeah I could get one no problem and you know I was kinda wondering I didn't know about that and in this (unclear) was saying no it's only by bandages or certain things like Occupational Therapy or Freeze Therapy or something like that that I need at home so it was basically that an inaccurate information that I got for the lady that I talked to I think it was on Tuesday so this lady Tamika she explained it and went over the benefits and I could understand it that's (unclear) if you don't answer what was said she did an excellent job.
I mean the girl Joyce was just fantastic pleasant told me to have a nice day and she got my questions solved without any kind of difficulty or anything so I was very happy.
The young lady that I talked to I did have a little bit of difficulty understanding but she was very nice to repeat anything that I needed repeated and she did a wonderful job.
And I'm very happy with everything she explained it to me in a way that I could understand it.
The young lady Michelle was absolutely fantastic and every time I talk to representatives there at UHC it's been great.
She tried to help me out a lot but I think it's just on my side that I do not understand so I'm going to have to have my daughter come and help me.
So I feel very confident that she the lady has gotten me Jackie has gotten me a new foot doctor and she said he's a top notch podiatrist and that's what I really need because my ingrown toenails are really killing me and he's only like 14 miles from my house so that's not far away at all.
She it was about finding a durable medical supply company and avert she did her research and she gave em the name of the company while at the same time my husband was on the phone with the doctor's office telling us and she said it was (unclear) that we needed to work with which was fine but at the same time my husband was on the phone when I was just talking to the young lady he was talking to the doctor's office and they were telling him that (unclear) was out of network and could not they were out of network and we could not work with them yet the young lady was saying that (unclear) is the one that we needed to work with and they just so you know I put the doctor's office on speaker phone and she was able to talk to direct service to the insurance representative and she told her just (unclear) says they can we cannot work with you with an insurance company and she says oh and so the insurance lady says oh well let me check further so I'm not at all satisfied.
Jackie was absolutely wonderful and it couldn't have been better it was just so pleasant more than I even expected she handled everything even more than I planned for I'm so relieved about the wonderful job she did for me it was absolutely great.
Jill was very helpful in helping me with a situation so I'm very satisfied with that and hopefully the paper work he sends to me will take care of the issue in the future.
I talked to a Tine just now at the 8008429722 number and she was just very wonderful super helpful and I have no qualms about.
I had a positive talk with Tanya and she was very professional.
the lady helped me understand that I needed to do something else different.
my problem was completed (unclear) it should been and she was a very very professional person.
Devon was absolutely wonderful at helping me to decide what to do as far as my Insulin is concerned and I appreciate the time that she took and the patience that she took to help me out.
Yes the only thing I have that might be a little bit improved is Layla she kind of speaks broken English and if she could just pronounce a little bit better so a person could understand.
The lady that handled the question was very professional and knew what she was talking about and gave me some examples.
I just simply wanted to mention the representative named Ana who was the one who assisted me.
her name was Irma and she took care of all my needs and I appreciate that.
Miss Shirley I spoke to today and I really appreciate her help.
There really wasn't anything more that she could help me with but she gave me the right answers.
What she should've done I think to help me out and get my problem resolved.
Amanda looked until she found what I needed and worked with me and she was very good.
I can honestly say I spoke with Lavonda and there was really nothing that she could've done better.
So anyway what I was able to find out was exceptional with the person who helped me who's name is Marjorie and she was certainly extremely helpful and took the time to research everything for me.
Because I asked her if she talked to my doctor and I named the doctor and she said yes Miss Joanne so I don't know whether she did or not.
The young lady Desiree to whom I spoke was very gracious and very patient and satisfied a lot of my anxieties and I don't think anything could be improved upon what she did for me.
I am completely satisfied my worker was Ms Chantel she did an outstanding job.
I mean there was no she was very like I said kind and you know understanding and you know answered my questions as well as she could and.
I appreciated the help from the young lady that I spoke to concerning my issue and she seemed to have resolved it and I appreciate that.
I had an extremely helpful person on your staff talking to me on the phone and I can't think of anything she could've done better.
As was the second person Denise who I spoke to but David gave me a lot of very helpful time.
Took care of my bill and informed me of everything and she was just super nice and I was quite pleased with her.
Provider was very courteous and is doing everything she can to help me out.
I was trying to pay my bill and there was so much noise it sounded like a dog barking and the lady I was talking to I couldn't understand a word she said.
Charlene even knew that it was my birthday coming up and wished me a happy birthday.
I had a very polite nice representative and she handled everything for me.
I was talking to Laura and she was wonderful.
I had a an operator there that was her name was Olivia and you couldn't ask for a better person to work for you.
I don't know but anyway Elizabeth who I talked to was fabulous so you know she answered all my questions and took care of everything.
I have no thoughts on anything bettering because everything was taken care of that I needed and she was very friendly very helpful.
The young agent that talked to me was very pleasant and she took care of my problems even before I could tell them.
I took on UHC because I've had always positive experiences when I was doing this for my mother so I'm very pleased to be using them myself right now.
I didn't write he name right now so you'll probably find it on the file but she was just wonderful and she helped me so much.
That's why I worked in customer service for most of my life and she was ideal.
I talked to Devon she was very thorough she was very helpful there was nothing that she could've done any differently or done any faster or any better to help me she was a wonderful representative for UHC and I have no complaints and no suggestions for better help so thank you very much.
Today Trish was very helpful it was my last month's experience that was a nightmare with your representative has not processed the second payment when I called it in as I always do and (unclear) because my husband and myself thank you bye.
I had a great call with Ally she was very helpful.
I cannot think of anything that could've made it any better she actually went out of her way to get the information and provide it to me in a way I could understand.
And when I called I was a little bit upset and she (unclear) calmed me down quite a bit she was great.
I just talked to (unclear) and she is wonderful.
She didn't speak too fast she just it just wasn't it was me that I couldn't understand it.
(Unclear) I don't know her last name but she was great.
Actually the representative was very very helpful and I don't have anything I can add right now not at this event anyway so she did a perfect job.
I think that Crystal was very helpful and I appreciated it and I'm going to check out the leads that she gave me for a good doctor.
The young lady was very nice and gave me the information I needed it's a pleasure to deal with people and know what they're doing and they're nice.
I talked with Joe it was a girl (unclear) and she was very nice and helped me out quite well.
I was completely satisfied with the customer service representative that I spoke with today so I mean if you could train everybody like her I promise you everybody would give 100 even better than 10.
My representative could not have done better she was absolutely patient and as helpful as she could be.
I think the customer service representative was extremely professional she handled my issue with care and concern and she handled it promptly I don't think there's anything she could have done better she did everything perfect.
Natalie took care of me and she was very knowledgeable and she helped me quite a bit and she took care of my problems.
I did not catch the young ladies name this time because it happened like right after when I went (unclear) so I didn't catch her name.
She took her time with me on the phone and she took care of my problem and that's all I was asking for and she did everything for me.
The representative I spoke with's name was Kim and she resolved my problem immediately and she was very courteous I don't see anything else that could be upgraded thank you.
Your (unclear) I think that's her name was swift in giving me my responses she was very polite and I was very.
Everything was fine the lady told me everything I needed to know and more she gave me a lot of info so I'm very happy thank you.
she was not real helpful not real knowledgeable and my husband said let's try to call one more time.
So I did and I got Gloria Vicks and she was extremely helpful.
always looking for something for me and she gave me probably four or five doctors to call and so I'm very happy with what I've got to look with now.
I didn't want to be unkind but I asked her to get someone that I could understand.
I'm having trouble getting back to the same agent I had before and she was a wonderful agent and she has the answers to some of my questions and I don't know how you could make it easier perhaps to get (unclear) extension number that I can call back at because I always have to go through somebody else.
Simple as that and the young lady that was on the phone helped me.
Everything was done to my satisfaction I got the information I needed and the young lady Tiffany I thank her very much because she was very helpful to me.
But then I got a hold of a lady her name was Roberto and she just went on she just did a fantastic job and she answered all my questions and saved me a lot of time.
I got a lady that tried really hard but she did not speak very good English and I don't know that's you know acceptable.
Maybe she's new and maybe she's just learning it just took a while to get the call completed but she was trying so I appreciated that.
And the lady was very nice that talked to me and I had a nice conversation with her and everything is a 10 for me.
this is the second time I did call on this just to verify the information but she was very informative very professional and I'm so pleased with the service.
So that way we are getting information that makes me feel comfortable in knowing that my mother will be taken care of if she decides to travel to visit her daughter.
My name is Rosalie Angelo and I was calling for my husband Salvatore Angelo and I would say that it couldn't have done.
Really there wasn't anything you could have done better the girl just could not get a hold of my doctor but she will be able to get a hold of him on Monday and will call me back and that's the only thing I wasn't satisfied with and it was not your fault that the doctor is out of the office for the day and she will be able to get a hold of him Monday and she will call me back thank you.
My call today was handled very professional by the young lady that helped me.
Nothing she was very agent was very courteous and nice but she herself could not handle this but she put me in the right direction to follow up thank you.
Katie or Kathy was very helpful and no it was Katie I believe.
I mean the young lady that was helping me I mean she was doing everything right.
There was nothing you could do better I talked to Izzy and she was just a joy and she got me all set up on (unclear) electronic plan where it's automatically taking out each month so now I can saving a 50 cent stamp and an envelope and my time and she was just a great person she took care of everything for me so I thank her and I thank you.
I'm completely satisfied you could not have done anything any better for me (unclear) she was very pleasant gave me (unclear) answers that I could understand and I really appreciate her.
I really can't think of anything you answered the phone promptly the woman came on the line told me her name asked what she could help me with and it was great.
She was slightly hard for me to understand but she was very polite very kind and you know I guess the deductible on my prescriptions is what my problem why it wasn't ten on everything.
Get your phone system straightened out I talked to Latoya she was gonna look up something from me it bounced off of her then when I called again the girl says this is (unclear) and it went directly to this stupid survey.
I had a good representative and she explained everything to me and I'm perfectly happy with everything that I found about this medication.
Because the young lady was very helpful and I have to talk to my doctor.
Well I don't see where I would have to go over anything that she already done because she was well in what she did.
I think it was very sensational and that she gave me everything I needed to know.
It turned out very well and Barb has been very informative and found out exactly what I needed right away.
In fact she helped me when I gave her the wrong address she helped me look it up and get the right address and so I think I was very well served.
Well I was talking to someone and they was helping me very good but what happened is that it's when my mother she was having you know so much pain they was trying to authorize her prescription because she was waiting here at Walgreens the doctor their office had closed you know and that they were trying to help me but they you know they were trying to do the best they can that's it.
The call was handled extremely well Brianna was excellent in researching a problem that I had she even said that she would continue to research it and look for more information for me there was nothing more that could be done to have made my call any easier or any better service was excellent Brianna was excellent thank you bye now.
The girl that I had was amazing and she helped me in any way that she could.
But I finally got a hold of a young lady that helped me out told me what I wanted to know.
The one thing you could have done better the young lady was very cordial she got everything that I needed but it wasn't her fault but (unclear) about some things I should have had already and wouldn't have to check on it like I was told I had to platinum plus dental and I didn't and every time I could call in it would transfer me to the old insurance I had instead of the new that I was getting so something in the process broke down on that but any how over all I'm very satisfied thank you.
Everything was sufficient so nothing needed to be changed she was very courteous Ms Kristina I have no problems so everything was taken care of very (unclear) on the phone for two minutes so it was really awesome thank you.
Well Kerri was very nice I think she did everything she could it was a matter of finding the information about a letter that I'd received and I partly because of my illness don't have the letter in front of me so but she did everything she could she was very nice and professional and excellent customer service.
The lady I spoke with was lovely and she did everything that I would expected her to do and she's going to still follow up on it since she can't get any information out of the office.
I'm not sure what city and state she was in but she was absolutely wonderful answered all my questions.
The gal who I spoke to was very knew what I was talking about and she satisfied my questions very well.
I wasn't able to reach anyone she wasn't able to transfer me and it's because today's June first (unclear) today and I've had the book for about three weeks but I still and I've been waiting to order these products but today I was not able to order even though (unclear) and I had waited to do that.
I guess if I could speak to Shaqual every time it would be wonderful because she's a wonderful person and she took time to go through and explain things to me the old lady and I truly appreciate that.
I guess that means hang up because it was a very pleasant talk and she really explained everything to me and got everything straight.
Everything went smoothly but there were a few complications and I did wait but I realize she had an issue that she had to get resolved first.
The representative you had to help me was very courtesy and kind to everything I asked for all the help I needed I would recommend her highly to anyone else.
Overall it everything was good she made me understand just what my problem was and overall there was nothing that she could have done any better she was wonderful she was great.
I was totally satisfied with this call and the gal gave me all the information I needed and I don't think she could've done anything more so totally satisfied.
She couldn't have done anything any better her name was Charmin Williams I had to ask her for her name she was wonderful she really helped me she took her time she was not in a hurry and she found my answer again Charmin Williams thank you so much she is wonderful.
And she was also very nice to tell me about the awards which I had forgotten about and so she gave me the numbers since I've had my wellness exam and I appreciate that very much.
Yes I was asking about my mammogram that I had in January and the lady I talked to said it's not even in the system and I know last year I got a reward for having a mammogram and she couldn't tell me why it wasn't in the system and whether I was going to get any reward or not and you know it's just a little confusing no big deal but she was very courteous but I just wondered why you all don't have that in your system that's all.
Well the call went very well she was excellent she knew exactly what she was talking about she was very professional her name was Debra and as far as I'm concerned there's nothing that you could do to improve her expertise thank you.
It was very nice and I got my issues resolved and she helped me and she was very nice so I really couldn't tell you anything to do better because you answered the questions that I've asked because I wanted to know so anyway that's it.
Ma'am I was perfectly satisfied with the courteous (unclear) and help that I got.
The representative explained that it is that you did allow it to be covered as a formulary drug however at tier four so which still makes it prohibited but I will say that I was very happy and pleased with the service that I received from the representative I do think that she really tried hard to find a way for the cost to be lowered for me and I do appreciate that and her time and she was very patient and very respectful.
Heather was very helpful and I really can't offer any suggestions for improvement.
That I was questioning something about a bill I received from the hospital and the one that helped me from United Healthcare was very nice and she helped me.
She gave me a lot of information regarding possible surgery and I'm definitely going to be able to take her up on what she told me about.
So this particular call that I'm rating was fine it was excellent but my dissatisfaction come from having to take an hour and half to resolve the issue number 1 she did do her due diligence I am appreciative of that and also the lack of help I received on the previous call but I had to because I was so un satisfied that I had to call back and do this again so currently I'm satisfied but I definitely believe that between AARP UHC and Medicare really need to start to streamline the processes.
I think the person who waited on me I didn't quite understand her name she explained what needed to be done and so I will start over and start from the beginning.
Nothing everything was perfect the person that I had on the phone that took care of what I needed did a wonderful job she was excellent forgot her name but I'm sure you'll find out who it is she kind of was something like that but anyway have a wonderful day.
There's actually nothing that could've been done better I called back because when I tried to answer the survey the first time to acknowledge Sara and Gene I got cut off for some reason I called back and Tamara suggested that or actually she didn't say just anything that's not a negative just means she.
I couldn't ask for anything more than what I received from the person that I spoke to she was great she gave me the answers I needed and she took the time when I had to look up my phone my other phone and so she was great and I don't have any other complaints whatsoever.
Everything was fantastic I was given correct information and she waited to make sure I understood everything so it was wonderful thank you.
There's nothing you could have done better I had Kendra help me with well actually it was Kendralyn to help me with I didn't realize we no longer had the passport issue for traveling so she helped me with that and just told me that I can go to either the newest clinic or the nearest hospital and my insurance would take care of it and that was my reason for calling and she was very nice she was polite she answered my questions which made me feel calm which is a good thing and I thank you for that.
Well there really wasn't much they could've done the little girl was very helpful the conversation went smooth and she was able to answer all my questions.
Everything that she's told me was perfect with how she had explained it to me with what I was trying to find out about what medical professional medical page meant and all that stuff considering my mom's doctor and everything that the state required and she was very knowledgeable and very helpful and everything and I think she was to the T.
You know that she did everything well and knew how to answer the questions and knew how for me to understand and everything.
So again her name was Ebony and I was very satisfied with her.
You've made the changes but I think that lady that was helping me out she needs to take some schooling in being a little bit more polite and I don't recall her name.
She went looking for the doctor and the dermatologist and she just kept going up and down and she kept telling me I'm looking here I'm looking there and she was just very good in her words.
I have had a problem with my primary care doctor yesterday and she was a lot of help.
I found out some information I didn't know that I really didn't know I needed to know and Diana was wonderful and courteous and funny and I enjoyed my conversation.
And I really appreciate her taking the time to go over each point with me to help me understand.
But the person I spoke to whose name was Alisha I think that was her name she was very patient and she was very well informed and she made it very simple for me and she was able to look up things for me so I give her a ten plus.
You couldn't have done nothing any better for me the lady that I talked to was really nice she answered everything I asked her really nice and she was just a nice person needs more like that too.
Annette was nothing but courtesy and help I couldn't be more satisfied.
She asked if I wanted any more answers to anything and I did not (unclear) and she was very pleasant looked everything up and we should have more people like her around.
The person who helped me was very knowledgeable she looked it up in the computer for the information I wanted so there really wasn't anything better that you all could've done for me.
that the person I spoke to could've did better because I think she was very good at what she has to do and questions that I ask and everything and she satisfied me a hundred percent.
People have been nice when I've talked to them before but Linda was fantastic.
I can't think of anything that could have been done better Jessica was outstanding she got information for me she told me what I needed to do and I'm very satisfied.
The young lady that worked with me today was amazing she helped me with the insurance payment and then helped me with the diabetic question and answered things to me that I didn't know about thank you so much for having a nice woman working with you.
Racqual the representative was very nice and in fact she called and no one takes my benefits.
But I had very good service today and the young lady spoke with me with respect and she covered everything that I wanted her to do and she told me everything that was gonad happen.
So I was able to add my daughter and I appreciate that.
I totally was satisfied with the lady that was trying to help me and I appreciated that and I really couldn't find anything wrong with it.
I gave her the wrong insurance company and she was very good in finding out and doing the research.
Everything (unclear) done and the lady was just terrific in helping me but I still am (unclear) at why I don't (unclear) hardly pay any co-pays to.
I think everything was fine and she was a fantastic representative for your company.
For the very nice person that I dealt with and the very capable person I dealt with to get her hands on.
I mean I've been so stressed out about dealing with the care facility that this beautiful 90 year old woman is at and they're just totally abusing her and I'm going to get her out of there.
And she was very nice and I have everything the information was very useful and I'm going to get on it right now.
She was very helpful very knowledgeable made things easy to understand and it took awhile for me in the past but she made it very good and very easy (unclear) she shows a lot of compassion (unclear).
She was great the website didn't work and your automated phone system didn't work for me so she did a very good job.
I had one little question and she answered it and appreciate it and y'all have a good day.
first I get a letter I'm OK and I talked with a lady and it's just wonderful.
I think everything was covered very well and the young lady spoke very clearly and I could understand her and she resolved my problem very satisfactorily.
I believe Janine or (Unclear) was her name and she was wonderful.
I think everything was done correctly for me and I really appreciate the girl that I was talking with she was very pleasant and we got right down to business and it's over.
