Everything that you've done for me was completely satisfaction for me.
The this lady was so thorough there is nothing more you could've done better.
I can't think of anything that wasn't explained to me any better than it was explained to me today so I appreciate everything that the nurse did and everything and the lady that put me over there.
There is nothing that could've been done better I really appreciate all the help the girls gave me.
There was not one thing that she could have done better for me.
Well I'll tell you one thing today the girl was very nice but I have never seen a insurance company that when I.
I don't believe there was anything you could do better it was the lady was very polite and helpful.
There really wasn't anything the girl was very helpful that gave me the information I needed.
No everything was fine I got all the information that I needed and gentlemen was very fine.
Absolutely nothing I talked to Deidra today she was very sweet had all the information I needed and I've been with United now for about 5 years and I have been totally satisfied with the company.
There was nothing and Johnna who was in Oklahoma was absolutely fantastic.
Told me exactly what I needed so no improvement is needed and Jacob was wonderful.
Nothing else seems to be a problem whatsoever and I've used fairly frequently over the last little while and I can always say that people have been really good and really accurate.
Everything the agent did for me this morning was completely above and beyond what I expected.
There is nothing you could've done that was better than what the girl did for me today.
Yes if the representative would have listened to my comments instead of arguing with me I would have appreciated it more.
All my questions were answered very satisfactory and there was nothing else that you could do better because you just did great on the first time.
Actually there is no (unclear) you should've done better because the lady was very kind (unclear) of what I needed to find out.
My questions were answered quickly and concisely and I really can't think of anything that would've made it a better experience.
How good she helped me.
So I was very satisfied and I have no suggestions for how anything could have been improved.
I appreciate the good help that I received and there were no issues that could have been improved on.
You could not have done anything better for me your customer service representative was extremely nice and a pleasure to speak with.
She went above and beyond you could have done nothing better for me on this call.
There ain't nothing you could do better I got everything taken care of and I appreciate it.
There's really nothing that I spoke with Morio and there's really nothing that he could have done better.
Rosa my service agent was just perfect absolutely nothing could've been done better.
I've never had anybody that has been discourteous or has not been helpful.
there was so many thing I was doing wrong.
There really is nothing you could have done better because all the questions were answered and the people I dealt with were very friendly and kind so I'm very well satisfied.
I can't think of anything that needed to be done better because my service that I received was very good.
There was nothing she could've done better.
Hello I don't think there was really anything I just had a question about a medication and the customer service lady was very helpful I appreciate her information very much.
We were completely satisfied didn't feel like there was anything further we got all the information we needed and the operator I'm sorry I don't remember her name.
Everything was provided information was provided was very helpful and I can't think of anything else you could've done.
There wasn't anything Joann answered everything I needed.
There's nothing that could've been done better the Raul was excellent he was knowledgeable he was patient he was very eager to help and explain things.
And he looked investigated things he's an excellent employee and I don't think anything could be improved.
Nothing needed improvement he did a good job explaining things to me.
I was satisfied with everything so I don't think there was nothing else to be done.
I was very satisfied there was nothing I would improve on.
And there's really nothing that this young lady could've done any different than she did.
I was very satisfied with what happened and I don't think there's anything that I would have changed.
Everything was satisfactory and there's nothing you could've done better because it was extremely helpful and everything I needed (unclear) what I had to know.
My name is (Unclear) and everything that you all did was good.
So you can't do much better than excellent and she was excellent.
Everything (unclear) she couldn't have did no better everything was good.
Absolutely nothing she was wonderful to speak with it was a real pleasure.
There's nothing you could've done better for me that the woman that I spoke with couldn't have been kinder and more informative and more sympathetic.
There was nothing that I can think of that you guys could've done better in my phone call with phone conversation with Jermaine.
Actually everything you did for me was perfect.
I don't know of anything that you would've had to done better because the representative was really nice and they really got the information.
So there was nothing you could've done better and I appreciate that.
There's nothing she could've added to the information she gave me which was the (unclear) I was very happy to receive.
I was completely satisfied and there was nothing more that Fritz could've done that could've made me any happier.
Really nothing the man I had talked to was a pretty good listener she had the situation in her had and it got answered just boom boom and I appreciate that you gut a really handled (unclear) I'll you for sure I've always been able to get answers from you it was like a lot more logic so I'm really perfectly happy but I have had that before so anything's better than they were for sure anyway thanks so much we got it handled today and I appreciate it.
Well it was handled very well and I don't there was anything else that could've been done to solve my problems.
I was very satisfied and there's nothing else I had to (unclear) get taken care of.
So there was nothing she could've done better.
Everything done was (unclear) possible and the lady did a great job.
Well really there was nothing else that the lady could've helped me with.
There was nothing else you could've done for me and it was very good with the lady I talked with.
The representative was just terrific and there's really nothing that you could have done that would have made it any better so she was great.
You couldn't have done anything better for me representative was very informative and she helped me out a great lot.
Pretty much everything was good I can't think of anything that could be done better the lady was very nice and very knowledgeable.
This phone call there was nothing that could be done better the representative I spoke with was absolutely delightful and very helpful and I appreciated it thank you.
There's really nothing that you could've done better the young lady was very helpful and resolved my issues.
I really never had a problem speaking with anyone and everyone's always been very nice.
I think she was very clear and helped me a great deal and there's basically nothing that I don't understand now but I greatly appreciate it.
Actually I'm very satisfied and there wasn't anything I felt that needed to change thank you.
Nothing in addition to what was done Lisa took care of my problem and my question and all was good.
She's very polite and I there's really nothing she could've done better.
There was nothing that could be done better she did a good job.
Actually everything was done perfectly well there's nothing that could have been done better she assisted me I got the information that I needed thank you very much.
My question was handled promptly and courteously nothing could've be better.
I don't think they could've been anything better it was all my answer my question was answered very well.
Nothing everything was perfect I would not have anything else to suggest and the young lady was superb.
I was very satisfied so nothing comes to mind as to what could have been better.
There was nothing Mike could've done better for me.
Really there isn't anything you could've done better you answered my questions and I was completely satisfied.
There was nothing that could've been done better the rep was very friendly personable knowledgeable and took care of what I needed.
Actually I don't think there was anything that could've been done better I couldn't find a lot of documentation and both of the representatives were very patient with me and very helpful thank you.
Nothing better everything was fine Beverly did a good job.
There was nothing she could've done better.
But I think I understand you got everything resolved that's the only thing the little girl was talked really fast.
I was treated very fairly and greatly and I don't think there's anything else you could do for me.
And it was a pleasure and I have no complaints and I don't know anything that he could have done better.
Hi nothing the representative was lovely and solved my problem.
I've never gotten anyone that was rude or not nice.
I don't think there was anything she was real sufficient and really nice and courtesy.
You know I believe she said just what how things were so I can't say anything about that.
I don't have anything to add because the (unclear) was very good in answering my questions so I can't think of anything you could have done differently.
But other than that there was nothing that she did that could have been better.
My questions were answered satisfactorily so I think there was really nothing that could have been done better for me.
I don't think you could have done much more than what the lady had already talked to me about.
This was one of the best representatives I've ever spoken to and there's nothing that he could've done better.
If I had had a person that spoke English a little bit better would've been nicer.
Tanesha was very helpful so I have nothing to say about making it better.
There was nothing she could've done better for me.
I don't think there is anything you could have done better both customer service people who was Jessica and Damien were very knowledgeable and helped me immensely.
Nothing at this time I would just like to praise the representative I had Ann Marie.
I was very satisfied so there really nothing I can complain about.
There's nothing that extra that you could do for me she did a very good job.
There was nothing you could've done better it was wonderful.
It was okay nothing you could've done better it was perfect.
It was wonderful perfectly done no improvement needed it he was fantastic.
I don't know of anything that you could have done better the lady that helped me was he was she answered overwriting I needed and was really nice about it and I don't think it could have been any better.
Nothing the call went perfectly smooth the call the gal new exactly what I needed and checked on it for me and everything was fine thank you very much.
I don't have anything it was all fine it was very short and it wasn't resolved in seconds thank you very much.
Really there was nothing further that I was required of always had good customer service thank you.
Everything went well there wasn't anything you could have done better for me.
Today was a very satisfactory day there is nothing you could have done better.
I thought she was very professional and very (unclear) in what I needed therefor I have no further recommendations.
There's nothing else she could have done that would have helped me more.
There was nothing else she could've done better and a great job.
Absolutely nothing the lady was wonderful I got my problem solved very time like (unclear).
Very professional very polite and at this time I can't think of anything that you could improve on 'cause everything was done perfect the way I needed it to be.
I can't think of anything that could've been different it was both people I talked to were very nice and efficient.
All your representatives are personable (unclear) everything was very helpful (unclear) of whatever issues I had (unclear) done.
Everything was wonderful nothing to be done better the representative that spoke with me was wonderful articulate and pleasant and it was just a pleasure to have that representative.
The lady who talked to me was wonderful very helpful followed through until completion and I couldn't be more satisfied and I don't think there's anything else different that you could've done to make it different.
There was nothing that could been done better because the representative was really pleasant really nice and gave me just what I needed.
I can't think anything better that she could have done the representative she was very efficient and I was happy with my results.
There's absolutely nothing that you could have done better everybody was nice polite very helpful took care of what I needed and everything was great.
There was nothing that she she could've done better.
I can find nothing I mean the girl that talked with me was very helpful.
There was nothing that could have been done better the young lady was very professional very helpful and accomplished everything I wanted to accomplish so it was great.
I really don't think anything could have been better today it was quick and efficient and I got handled within a minute of my dialing I had a human so that's pretty good thanks bye.
You could have done nothing better she was absolutely excellent in answering my question and being extremely sweet.
I don't think there's anything you could have done better that lady was very knowledgeable in what I was asking and gave me the information that's all I was looking for thank you.
There's nothing that he could've did differently because he did exactly what I asked of him.
Nothing really she was very efficient they all seemed to know they're job there.
talking about personal things that she had no business talking about and it was just not the way things should've gone.
Every time I've ever called it's been very good.
I really can't think of anything else that you could have done better for me because the question that I asked was thoroughly answered and the person that I spoke with Kellin he was great.
The one thing that y'all done for me was very good very good.
it was nothing she did or said.
Everything was done to my satisfaction so there was nothing else that you could've done better.
I don't know of anything (unclear) the woman that helped me was very good to me.
There was nothing else that she could've done for me.
In fact the suggestions that were made to me was far better than you know I ever expected.
No she did everything and every time I called in the last 6 months everybody has been extremely helpful I've been very impressed.
Nothing could have been done any better I was very satisfied the agent or whoever it was that I was talking to was very polite very helpful.
Nothing she could have done was any better she did it fine.
I really don't think anything could have been done any better I had my questions all answered and I was well satisfied with them.
Nothing I just want to give a compliment to the representative Ruby that helped me.
I'm totally satisfied there's nothing that could've been done to make it better it's was a very positive experience.
Nothing the contact with the agent was extremely good I appreciate the help.
Nothing could've been better it was absolutely perfect I appreciate the associate that handled my request.
Hello there really was no other thing that I needed the representative was very thorough friendly good information and no other comments.
I don't think there was anything she could've done any better for me in regards to the subject that I discussed with her.
Nothing it was fine the website wasn't real easy to use but once I got to talk to a representative it was great so thank you.
There was really nothing you could've done better she was very nice.
There was nothing Nicole answered everything for me.
Since the young woman with whom I spoke was able to help me I don't think anything could have been done better.
My representative was terrific and there was nothing that she could've done any better.
Nothing really everything was satisfactory with the person I talked to.
It is very difficult for me to name anything that could've been better executed by the representatives Lacrita at Preferred Care Partner she was professional she approached everything in a friendly professional way.
I was very satisfied so I don't think there's anything I could recommend (unclear) for this call.
Frankly I don't know there's anything better that you could have done the young woman I spoke to was very informative and very helpful.
Asked if there was other things that I needed if there was anything else she could look up for me.
There was no music there was nothing to tell me that I had been dropped.
Erica the representative was very clear and there was nothing that could've been done better.
There was a lot of investigating she had to do on my part.
Nothing Crystal was extremely helpful in resolving this and negotiating with the provider on my behalf.
There was not a thing that the lady couldn't help me with she helped me very well.
I think with the question I had today there was nothing that could be done 'cause it was handled very professionally and there was a lot of kindness and the young lady I talked to was very professional.
So if anything my experience was wonderful and greatly appreciated and needless to say saved me money.
And I really think as thorough as she was I don't have any issues or additions at all.
I was (unclear) very well (unclear) there was anything more she could've done for us.
There was nothing that she could've done better.
No everything worked out well the representative was kind courteous and informative and I had no problem thank you.
Nothing my experience with Chuck was wonderful he called Express Scripts he talked to the pharmacist.
Well I can't think of the one thing that would better but I'll have to say this gal that I just talked to her diligence was extremely good.
I cannot think of anything else that needed to be done for me my contact was very knowledgeable and helpful and got everything taken care of.
There was really nothing that needed that could be done better than he handled the situation very well and his name was Greg and I would highly recommend him.
I don't think there's much more that could be done because all my questions were answered and very clearly so and I greatly appreciate it.
It was handled very well and so there's really nothing I can say that needs to be done better.
There is nothing that could have been done and every representative that I've spoken with since I started UHC on April the 1st has been very helpful thorough and all (unclear) unbelievable.
This was representative was extremely good so she couldn't have done anything better.
There was nothing this young lady could have done better.
Nothing could have been done better speaking with anyone that I had a hat to has always been and giving me excellent results thank you.
There isn't anything Zach was extremely helpful and got me signed in.
Brian was very helpful I can't think of anything additional he could've done.
There was nothing that could've happened any better than it did thank you.
(Unclear) was very nice there was nothing else he could have possibly done.
There was nothing I was very happy with the phone call she picked it up right away I wasn't on hold for a long time which was delightful and so I'm a happy camper.
Nothing Richard was more than helpful gave me the good news.
There was nothing that she could've done better.
There is nothing that could have been done better everything that I needed was completely taken care of by the young lady that took care of me.
Everything worked and all and everything I needed was provided so there was nothing that could've been done further as a matter of fact I was directed to some things that will help me out and were additional to what I had actually asked for so it was a very good experience thank you.
So I could add nothing to say that there was anything more that anyone could've been so I appreciated her help very much.
It was not the lady today though and this has been going on for several months that I've been dealing with this something needs to change.
Everything that I needed to know everything was good you know there was nothing bad but I (unclear) rate it a 10.
I can't think of one thing that could make the people better that could help me especially Kim the last girl I talked to it was just wonderful.
I can't think of anything better Hannah was very good and answered my questions.
I really can't think of anything they could've handled better they were able to answer my question on my first call they confirmed some information for me and I could understand the young lady very well she spoke very good English I don't know what I would change thank you.
I don't think that there was anything more that she could've done but I was asking about her wheel chair possibly.
I don't know of anything you could've done better the lady that helped me was very knowledgeable and needed what I needed.
There was nothing that could have been done better it was excellent thank you.
There was nothing that you could have done better I was totally satisfied and the gentleman that helped me was a big help and answered all my questions thank you.
Everything was fine Cherise the lady I talked to couldn't have done any better it was it went pretty smooth.
Everything was done perfect I don't know I don't have anything have no complaints they've treated me very well.
Nothing everything went really good they were polite and so I had no problems at all.
There was nothing that you could've done better it was very simple process the lady was very nice her name is Patty.
I can't think of anything that I needed to know she offered additional information to what I was requesting and I really appreciated that thank you.
Everything was fine everything was very efficient and I learned some things that I had not found out I didn't know about so.
There was nothing else that she could have done she answered my questions.
You couldn't have done anything any better it was perfect I got all the information I needed quickly and very nicely so thank you.
Nothing everything was handled quite professionally and right on the spot I really enjoy having UHC thank you.
I can't think of anything everything was good this person I talked to was good was nice I give it a 10.
Don't know if there was anything that the lady that I talked to was very helpful very informative and so no complaints here.
I don't know that there was anything you did could have done better so long as I can talk to Jolene when I call back everything will be wonderful.
At this moment I don't think there's anything that could have been done better because I was satisfied with my call and everything is going to be taken care of.
It was nothing she could've done any better.
I honestly can't think of something that Vanessa could've done better she was very good and brought up a couple of points that I hadn't been thinking about.
My case was handled very good they couldn't have been done anything any better and I appreciate their help.
As far as I know there's nothing that could've been better for me because everything went I really appreciate the girl that I that had me.
I'm very pleased with the way (unclear) handled the whole thing and I don't really think there's anything she could have done better.
There's nothing I could have done better it was very great service I'm very happy.
I don't think there was anything that could have been done better she was great her name was Lori she was wonderful.
I think everything was done being done for me that could be done.
But everything else they have been wonderful and really have helped me a lot.
Nothing the representative was wonderful and she helped me very much I think I may have answered the first question.
Nothing he was excellent an gave me the information I wanted he was very good thank you.
There was absolutely nothing Jocelyn could've done to make our conversation more pleasant.
I mean several times she asked me is there anything else we can help you with and I thought that was very very nice.
Everything went very smoothly and was very informative and I do not have any complaints or anything that you could do better.
This man was so wonderful there was nothing that could've been done better.
I've never had anybody that I've spoke to that's actually made me feel better and safer and stuff.
I don't think anything needed to be done further I felt satisfied with the whole experience.
There's nothing else you could have done better she was excellent.
I was totally satisfied there was nothing that could be done better.
I don't think you could've did anything any better the young lady was very helpful and very concerned with my problem.
No there was nothing that I wanted to have done that wasn't accomplished.
There was nothing she could've done better for me.
Extremely polite and it was a good time and I don't think there's anything you could do better.
I can't think of anything she handled it very professionally and was very helpful.
I can't think of anything the young I just spoke with was very nice and helpful and no criticism today.
There was nothing you could've done better because everything was great.
There was nothing else that needed to be done I was told everything I asked.
Nothing the lady that took care of me was just very good.
I think everything was done great to my what I needed so that's all I have to say.
There really was nothing I mean I was satisfied.
I think you've done all you could do and she was real nice.
I can't add anything to it the young man was very nice pleasant and informative.
There was nothing you could better I thought the lady was very courteous.
You couldn't have done anything probably any better only the connection was very poor and it was hard to hear the gentleman but he was very courtesy and he done a fine job.
Your representative was very well informed and she was very helpful so with this call I don't think there was anything that you could've done better.
Absolutely nothing the call went very smoothly your representative was extremely professional everything I needed was completed resolved so everything was fine thank you.
There is nothing but the lady I talked to was absolutely great and I appreciate it so much.
That's the only thing I had to complaint but Marvin was great.
There really wasn't anything that could've been done better today and (unclear) was exceptionally helpful and we really appreciated her help.
I couldn't find anything that any you could do better for what I called in for and it was explained to me very thoroughly and everything so I don't know of anything else to tell you on that.
This was the best one that I've ever spoken to very knowledgeable no problem.
There really wasn't anything that you could do better the girl was very informative so I have no complaints.
You couldn't have anything more better she was really wonderful and I'm very thankful.
Well there isn't really anything you could've done better and the representative I spoke to her name was Elizabeth.
Bart was completely helpful I can't think of anything I needed that he did not take care of.
All the questions that I asked was answered very well ma'am so at this time I don't think there could have been anything else extra.
There was nothing this young lady could've done better for me.
There's nothing that I could say that the representative could have done better she was great.
I was a little impatient with your technical person at United and I'm very sorry there's nothing you could've done better she was nothing but polite efficient.
Actually I think everything was resolved to my satisfaction And I'm very happy (unclear) nothing further could've been done.
There is nothing you couldn't have done better for me you took care of all my needs and all my questions and the girl was very polite and very efficient.
Nothing I think it was great it was quick service and I got prompt answers and I really appreciated it thank you.
I don't know what else you could have done better the representative was very clear and annunciated his words.
Nothing the representative was great she treated me with dignity and helped me immensely goodbye.
There is nothing that anyone could've done better than the girl that I talked to.
I have no problems you representative was very nice.
I think everything was handled very professionally and I don't have any problem whatsoever with talking with one of your representatives so I don't really know of anything that could've been done better than what was done today.
Everything was fine I don't think anything could have been better the customer service lady Patty was very good.
Everything was answered to my satisfaction so didn't really have anything negative to say it was a very positive conversation.
There is nothing you could have done better my representative was very helpful.
There isn't anything you could've done better as this gentleman took care of everything and was quite helpful and if you.
The service I received today nothing could have been done better it was perfect and it always is I am delighted that I made my plan with UHC.
And did all that they could do (unclear) a gentleman yesterday he really could've cared less about my situation.
I believe everything I had any question I had was handled so I feel everything was done well.
Nothing I thought you did a very good job.
There was nothing you could've done that was any better than what Maddie did for me.
I really can't think of anything else it went well and all my questions were answered phone was picked up quickly it seems fine to me.
Everything was explained good to me so nothing else you could have did.
There wasn't anything you could've done any better you were very nice and gave me the information that I needed and thanks very much.
Absolutely nothing everything the music could be a little bit better but that was all thank you.
And there is nothing more that I could ask for than the information that she had given me today.
And it was a nice conversation and I cant think of anything that could've improved it.
The gentleman (unclear) I spoke with was awesome courtesy friendly helpful so there was nothing else could have been done it was wonderful.
There was nothing you helped me you told me exactly what I was asking about.
I have nothing to tell you how you could have improved my conversation of the information she gave me.
Nothing I just needed technical support and they weren't there thank you.
I was very satisfied what happened today when I called you I cannot say any thing else I'm very satisfied.
The representative handled everything extremely well answered my question there is nothing further that was needed she did a great job.
No there wasn't a single thing that you could've done better than the lovely lady that I talked to.
Today was a very good interaction with Ms Jasmine I don't see anything where it could've been improved today.
I can't think of anything you could have done better everything was perfect the help was exactly what I was looking for thank you.
There was nothing you could have did better he was very pleasant.
I was extremely happy with my conversation with the customer rep so there's nothing that could've been done better today.
I have no comment (unclear) happened today was very acceptable.
There was nothing you could have done better for me everything was wonderful.
The issue was not with you people you guys did great.
There's nothing she could have done that would have helped me more.
Was nothing that anybody could have done any better and the little lady that waited me on me today was excellent.
Nothing really everybody was very professional and knew exactly what they were doing and it was a job well done so thank you.
There was nothing you could've done better it was like totally satisfying.
I don't think there was really nothing that you could do better for me Ms Susan actually was a lot of help.
I was completely satisfied I don't think there was anything you could do for me right now except (unclear) said if I'm not satisfied I can always call her back or call UHC and I would be helped again.
Everything you done really great.
There was nothing I would (unclear) you needed to do and he went above and beyond the normal representative.
There was probably not a whole lot you could've done better but it's a bad situation and the young lady that helped me was very supportive and helpful.
There was absolutely nothing else she could've done your representative Ms Nicki went above and beyond to solve my problem.
At this point I can't think of anything you could've done better the tiffany the person that assisted me was excellent and very pleasant and there were no problems and so great service that's all I can say.
Not a thing the customer service rep was absolutely wonderful not a thing different.
Everything was great there was nothing you could have done better.
You did good I can't think of anything that you could've done better you were very helpful and I think I got the problem cleared up.
Well I don't know anything that could be better than what ya already (unclear) a beautiful person and I got all the information I needed.
I don't know what else you could've done and Liliana who was the one that helped me was great.
There's nothing that the woman I spoke with could've done better.
The service was perfect there was nothing that could've been done to make it more pleasant thank you.
Really nothing she was very polite very helpful and offered to go above and beyond what I requested.
I don't know of anything could have been done better because I am very satisfied with what has (unclear) with me today with (unclear).
So there is no other comment to make except that she was excellent and I appreciate it.
I don't know of anything that could've been changed I was very satisfied.
Nothing everything was perfect I appreciated having people to talk to that were courteous and informative and couldn't have been a better outcome.
Nothing the lady helped me 100% correctly and courteously and quickly thank you.
I think the individual that helped me with my questions concerning the rewards was very efficient knowledgeable and very pleasant to talk to I don't know how anybody could been any better than what she was.
Absolutely nothing it was perfect and I was very satisfied.
No as far as I'm concerned everything was handled nicely the representative was very good.
There is not one thing the gentleman Miguel was able to help me completely with what I had called about thank you.
I think everything was done for me that could possibly have been done and I'm so relieved that it was resolved.
There is nothing you could have done better because everything was very perfect.
There was really nothing you could've done better everything was just excellent.
I'm sorry everything was alright there was nothing that I could find wrong with it.
There's nothing you could have done any better or any different the lady was wonderfully helpful.
My call was wonderful there's absolutely nothing she could've done better.
I talked with Sharon and she's a delightful person and there's nothing else you could've done better.
There was nothing that this employee could've done that was any more professional than she was to me.
I think nothing could be better than what Denise did for me today.
There was nothing that could've been done any better as the lady was able to take care of both the questions I had and so there was nothing that could've been better.
Your person was very cordial warm efficient everything I could have hoped for.
all the information was helpful and I don't think there's anything she could've done better but she was great on the call.
There was nothing you could have done better for me (unclear) was fabulous.
There was nothing that the gentleman that I spoke to could've done for me.
Everything was satisfactory and the customer service rep was very helpful I have no complaints ain't nothing you could've done better.
There is nothing that could have done better everything was handled so efficiently and professionally and I really appreciate speaking to the young man Aaron.
Actually nothing needed to be better the person I spoke with was extremely helpful and it was very efficient.
There was nothing she my girl could have done to do anything better.
At this moment I can't think of any (unclear) representative was courteous and helped me a whole lot so I would say there's nothing that would you know make it better.
There is nothing that could've been done better than the lady that assisted me today.
Nothing could be better Lexie was a perfect customer assistant.
There's nothing I can think of that could have been done better for me because the young man that helped me was really helpful.
I spoke with Shawn today and there is nothing that he could've done better.
This is Jean Gentry and I can't say anything that Elliott could've done better for me today.
There really was nothing you could've done better she was very helpful and they listened to what I was trying to explain.
There's nothing that could've been done better I enjoyed the representative and she was very helpful.
Nothing Aaron was great gave me the information that I needed very good service.
I can't think of a single thing Jara was just absolutely amazing.
I was satisfied with the service that I received so there was nothing else that you could have done.
I don't think anything could've been done better the person that helped me was very helpful and very cheerful and helped me with everything I needed.
I don't know of anything you could've done better because it was very informative what the man that I talked to Aaron was his name.
You couldn't have done anything better everyone was just as sweet and nice as could be and I've had grief or complaints.
There's nothing that could've been done better the girl handled it very good and I'm very satisfied.
The customer service representative was so outstanding that there's nothing that could've been done better she even called the company I had a question with to talk to them.
There's nothing that you do any better because the person that helped me was very very good.
Nothing (unclear) was very satisfied with the way she handled my information.
I (unclear) stand point there is nothing more that he could do to make it better and I understood what he was saying and I'm satisfied with all the information he did give me.
I cannot think of anything better that could have been done she was very knowledgeable willing to help courteous and very happy with her customer service.
I was completely satisfied there's nothing else that I would want thank you.
You could not have done any better the person that we spoke to was absolutely wonderful.
I don't think there was anything that could've been done better I got very pleasant nice accurate answers thank you.
I don't have anything to say everything was taken care of Laura was very nice.
So there was nothing she could've done better.
There is nothing the person that helped me was absolutely wonderful.
There was nothing anything that you could have done better for me because everything was resolved.
You did everything perfectly (unclear) the person gave me just exactly what I wanted quickly and there's really not much more you could've done.
Nothing else the person was very helpful with me and solved the problem.
Everything was fine she did the representative did everything that I needed to have done.
There's nothing really that (unclear) handled and to the best of her ability and everything was very good she was very respectable.
I don't know of anything you could have done better she handled the call very well and to my satisfaction and it was very pleasant and it was a good experience.
There is nothing I would suggest that could have been done better I got my answer quickly efficiently and I was very pleased.
I don't think he's needed any improvement on anything the representative that I had was very courteous and respectful I was very satisfied with my service.
I really (unclear) here was handled very well and she looked into everything that I needed to have looked into and followed through on all the I had several quite a few things that I needed to (unclear) I need to understand better.
Hi there was really nothing that Jeremy who was the CSR that helped me that there was nothing he could've done any better than what he did he listened to what I had asked and got all the information the first time around no trouble whatsoever he did an outstanding job.
It couldn't have been better I had a lovely conversation with the lady that I talked with couldn't have been better.
Nothing I don't think (unclear) worked very hard on answering my question.
There is nothing that you could've done better for me Amy was excellent in what I needed to know this afternoon.
Nothing the person was very courteous very helpful and I can't think of anything would help me in service.
All was well there was nothing that he could've done better.
I was completely satisfied everything so nothing else that I needed.
I understood a lot better now everything I didn't understand before.
All in all you couldn't have done anything better the person I spoke to William was excellent.
no my conversation with the customer rep Vickie was excellent.
There's nothing to report everything was excellent with the representative that I spoke with I'm completely satisfied.
Everybody that I've spoken to so for me there really isn't anything that I would say could be improved because I'm always happy with the service that I get.
Victor was the person who helped me and he was most helpful and there was nothing he could've done better.
He had all the answers for me and he knew what he was talking about and I don't think in my case there's nothing you could do any better.
There was nothing that she could have done better for me.
There was nothing that the lady could have done better for me.
There's nothing that you could have done better because you explained it very well.
I have no complaints you everything was handled satisfactory enjoyed speaking with the lady.
Nothing it was done right to begin with it was a good experience.
Everything I received today was very good and I don't have enough.
No I was completely satisfied I had no complaints your customer service person was very.
I don't think there's anything you could have done better the lady was very helpful very informative and she's even gonna give me a call back tomorrow.
Nothing could've been better today for my call Haley the representative that I spoke with was absolutely exemplarily.
I can't think of anything both of the ladies were very helpful very polite knew their business and can't think of anything at all I would suggest to change they were both very very capable and did a great job.
It was confusion of some kind he apologized for any confusion this may have caused you.
The lady (unclear) was wonderful there is nothing else that I need to have done better.
There was really nothing more that she could've done for me.
My problem was completely solved and I don't think there was any way Katie could have handled it any better.
The customer service representative was really helpful so there was nothing that she could have done any better.
I don't think anything could been done but I just think everything was done respectfully and everything was done okay and right as far as I can see far I can hear.
I honestly don't know anything that would have helped more at this point and everyone was very helpful very courteous.
I was completely satisfied nothing needed to be any different.
Nothing the representative was knowledgeable she took my payment this was very smooth and it was easy thank you.
it was nothing wrong with the gal that helped me.
Oh everything the young lady did was very nice.
There was really nothing you could have done better for me it was excellent.
And as far as her part I don't think there was anything further that needs to be recommended or suggested because she helped us so well.
They have they were totally helpful there was nothing they could have done better.
I don't think there was anything that could have been done better because the young lady I talked to was amazing.
Nothing everything was magnificent I was treated with respect and the doubt that I had was cleared up.
I can't think of anything the little the young lady was very thorough in explaining everything to me.
Absolutely nothing she was very knowledgeable about all aspects of our account.
So there was nothing that more that she could have given me.
There is nothing further that needed to be done they were very pleasant and took care of the issue.
It wasn't something I wanted to hear but it had nothing to do with what she was telling me.
I don't know of anything that you could have done that would've improved because the representative was so nice and she was so helpful to me and I certainly appreciate it.
Well I spoke with Elijah and he was extremely courteous and I don't think there was anything he could've done any better.
Everything was done just fine I don't need anything else and was very courteous the representative did everything I needed.
No ma'am everything was very satisfactory to my information that I needed.
That's all I had to say good bye.
I don't view that as a problem I view that as good that she made sure that the information that I got was correct.
I don't think you could have did anything better than she explained it to me so it was great.
I talked to a rep by the name of Kianna there is nothing that you could have done better.
The person hat took care of me was Terry M in Arkansas and he is outstanding there was nothing more that he could have done to make my experience any better.
The representative that handled my call did a tremendous a great job so there's nothing else that I could say that he needed to do because he did everything.
I can't think of a thing she was just precious and helped a lot.
Everything went well there was nothing more that you could do any better than they did thank you.
There was actually nothing that could've been done better because the young lady handled it perfectly.
There wasn't anything you could've done better 'cause the young lady that helped me she was really really good.
Well I was completely happy and I don't have any complaints and I don't know anything you could've did greater that they did.
There was nothing better that you could have done for me I enjoyed the conversation and it was laughter.
Nothing it was excellent and the person that waited on me's name was Ozzy and he set everything up and it was perfect.
There was nothing the individual I spoke with could've done better it.
Everything that I called about that I wanted to do was handled well.
There's nothing the gentleman I spoke with took care of all that I needed and he was very nice.
There's nothing that needed improvement and I was happy with my representative.
Nothing the service rep has been very helpful he plans on calling me back.
I can't think of anything the lady was very nice to me.
There was absolutely nothing that Melissa could have done better.
There was nothing that I feel that could have been done better for me.
Frankly I cannot think of anything that could ave en better I was speaking with her what is it Angie she was absolutely wonderful.
There was you know probably nothing else that she could've done better but I just don't believe in giving 10's.
The call was excellent and the representative was excellent no issues what so ever I can't think of anything I wanted to do better from this call period.
I have no complaints at all it was my it was handled very well.
Everything was done perfect I there's nothing else they could've done I got all the information I needed easily and not a long wait time or anything at all thank you bye.
Actually I was dealing with Tori and there isn't anything that you could do to improve it.
There was nothing that could've been done better for me today with this specific person that I spoke to.
Not anything I was helped fully understand what I was given and the representative did a fantastic job.
The woman who helped me was extremely helpful and there was nothing you could do better on this particular call.
The only thing that could've been better was the person I talked to could've been a little bit louder otherwise I found it extremely satisfactory in my experience thank you.
Everything seemed to be fine as far as the information I needed and received and the service I received so I can't think of anything that you could've done better thank you.
I was completely satisfied so there is nothing else you could have done better.
Well I can't think of anything that could have been done better because Susan was extremely helpful even though the issue hasn't been totally resolved.
I can't think of anything I could add 'cause the fellah I talked to was a very pleasant to the point and remarkably accurate.
I was treated very nice and there is nothing more that could've been done.
It's not anything because everything was perfect with the gentleman who assisted me.
The only thing that I had an issue with is just having trouble understanding everything that the young woman had to say.
The only thing you could've done better for me which she answered my question.
There is nothing better you could've done for me my customer service person was excellent just wanted to tell you he was really helpful.
Joe did everything beautifully and there was nothing different that could be could have been done.
No everything was fine I found out what I wanted and everything's okay you did fine.
Can't think of anything that could have been done better the phone was answered quickly the operator was very courteous.
There was nothing more that I think she could have done to help out.
As far as I am concerned Stacy who helped me could not have been any better.
This was very helpful and I the one thing you could have done better.
Everything was done very well there was nothing you could have done better.
There was nothing that could have been done any better I was totally satisfied with complete service.
There was nothing everything he took care of everything I really needed.
I can not think of anything that was not done correctly and I'm well understood all that was said and very pleasant contact.
I can't think of a thing that you could do to improve the young lady I was talking to was so helpful and right on and didn't take any hardly any time so 100% thank you.
Really nothing the person who helped me was extremely helpful gave me everything I needed.
There is nothing that could've been done better I'm very pleased with service I was given.
Not really anything the girl was very helpful to me I really appreciated her.
The only thing that I can say that could've been better is I am hard of hearing but it was at times hard to understand what the person on the other end was saying but again like I say I am hard of hearing.
Nothing really except I had a girl I think it's Christy.
No this man was wonderful explaining everything to me.
One thing about it they're always courteous.
The person speaking to me could not have been more clear so I'm very satisfied.
Dolly did an excellent job so there wasn't anything that I thought of that should have been improved.
I understood everything she explained to me so that I don't think there's anything that needs to be done or better.
Everything that was done for me was just what I needed to add.
Everything went very well and I was pleased completely and I really don't know of anything that would have made my situation any better.
there was nothing better that he could have done and I appreciate it.
Nothing I was totally satisfied and glad that I'm getting a gift card.
Everything I heard was very helpful I don't have any complaints.
There was nothing else that could be done and I was very pleased with the representative that I spoke to.
I can't think of anything that they could've done better because my questions were answered right away and the customer service representative seemed very knowledgeable about what she was talking about so all of you all who are listening to this have a good day.
There was nothing you could've done better because the representative explained everything perfectly for me.
I don't think there was anything you could do better because I was very satisfied with the reply that I received.
I could have not done any better I'm glad somebody helped me out.
Not really anything I was completely satisfied very nice lady her name was Sharon and I was satisfied.
I can't think of a thing everything was done speedy and was very pleasant to deal with you.
You couldn't have done anything better the lady that I worked with was fantastic.
Well I think everything was satisfactory so I don't think anything else could've been done better I improve just the relationship I was through to the lady I was talking to she was very kind and respectful I give her 10.
Brianna was excellent answered every question so in that regard you guys could not have done anything better and it was easy getting in to speak to someone the wait time was less than two minutes thank you.
Really absolutely nothing it was really easy and was a lot of help.
Not sure that anything else could be done the lady was very helpful and efficient and answered my question thank you.
There was nothing that I could think of that you could've done better.
There's really nothing again was very pleased with the information I had done thank you.
There was nothing else that could do any better he was Angel was wonderful.
There's nothing that you could've done she was excellent Stephanie.
There was nothing you could have done better your representative was perfect.
I was totally pleased and my issue was addressed I can't think of any other thing you could have done.
I can't think of a thing that could have been improved upon or that could have been any better I got service actually more than I expected so Janet was very very helpful and so accommodating I can't speak highly of her any more highly okay? I'm very satisfied completely.
I don't know of anything you that he could've handled any different he told me what I needed he's very professional and helped me the way that I needed.
I think everything that has been done for me today has been wonderful and correct and as accurate as possible and very quickly.
There was nothing you could've done better for me I was completely satisfied with the gentleman named Zack that helped me with this problem and so I have (unclear) me so I'm completely satisfied.
I don't believe there was anything that could have been any more professional and courteous in helping me with my questions.
Everything was done to my satisfaction I would not have expected anything better thank you.
Absolutely nothing could have been done better the call went very well and I was very pleased with the service.
And I was happy with the information and I don't think there was anything further that actually could've been done.
I did not have any problems I cannot tell you the one thing that you could do better the person was very good I would say for an off shore person Mickey was probably one of the best and comprehensive people I've worked with that was in an off shore position so I cannot really recommend anything else (unclear).
Nothing that I can think of I was very pleased with the information I got and the person that helped me was very knowledgeable.
I can't think of anything the lady that I talked with was very nice and I had no problems.
Well you know I don't think there's anything I answered all the questions and I was very satisfied so I'm not sure there could be any improvement.
Nothing you could do better I think I got all the answers I was looking for.
Can't think of anything that would could've been done better the representative was extremely polite and helpful.
I really can't think of anything I was very pleased with the result of my call.
It was done respectful and I can't think of anything that could be added that's just very excellent.
In regard to the conversation I just had with Danicka there is nothing that you could've done any better.
Everything that I've enquired about has been taken care of very you know no questions asked I mean some of the best service I've ever had when needed.
There was really nothing she could have done better.
Nothing that ball (unclear) that man answered every question and I had no problems at all his name is Jonathan and I think he's wonderful.
Nothing the gentleman handled the call very well he was excellent.
Nothing it was all taken care of and I really enjoyed the speaking to the worker.
The lady I talked to was very courteous I don't think you guys handled everything I needed so I don't know if you could've done any better.
There was nothing more he could've helped me with.
