He was very courteous and knowledgeable and answered my questions.
Your representative that I spoke to was wonderful very courteous and polite and answered all my questions.
The answering of questions was very good very knowledgeable.
(Unclear) was very efficient and answered my questions.
The agent was completely professional and personable and she answered my questions to my satisfaction.
You did everything I asked very polite and very expertly.
I found the gentleman Paul very helpful and he answered all my questions.
The gentleman was very nice and he answered my question.
Nothing it was all very good she was very polite answered all my questions.
Tracy was awesome and handled my questions and was courteous got it done.
I got all my questions answered in a very polite and professional way and I'm very pleased.
The gentleman that I had on the phone was very informative he answered all my questions and he was very knowledgeable.
The representative I spoke with was very professional and was able to answer all my questions quite well and I was satisfied with that conversation and with his service.
she answered very clearly and nice.
The young man was straight forward and quick and answered my questions clearly and efficiently and politely.
My questions were answered and the representative was very friendly and very nice.
Representative was courteous and got me answered right away.
The representative was pleasant and answered all my questions.
And answering my questions in a very friendly professorial manner.
Very friendly and answered every question I had.
The person was very kind and answered all my questions.
Everybody was so nice and answered my questions.
The person I spoke with was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions.
Hugh was very helpful and answered all my questions.
The girls are very polite able to answer all my questions.
It was very quick very courteous and they my questions were answered perfectly.
He was very thorough and answered all my questions.
The service representative was very friendly very helpful and I ended the call with my questions completely answered.
The associate was extremely helpful and also asked me extra questions.
Noel was very helpful informative and answered all my questions.
The sales rep was very informative and answered my question immediately.
There isn't anything but Ronnie was very polite and very fast helpful and willing to answer any and all questions I had.
The person was very knowledgeable and very polite and it's good talk and he answered all my questions.
Very very helpful concerned and answered all my questions.
The person was very polite and answered all my questions.
I think she handled all my questions and is very courteous and friendly.
I got the answers to my questions and he was just very nice and very helpful.
The representative was very courteous and answered all my questions where I could understand them.
Nothing the representative was very knowledgeable courteous and efficient and she answered my questions fully.
They were really punctual and very prompt at getting the answers to my question.
The representative was courteous and knowledgeable and she resolved my questions and I'm very pleased.
Both of the representatives were excellent very knowledgeable and very easy to understand and they both answered my questions.
All of my questions were answered and the staff was very courteous and professional and knowledgeable.
You were fast and knowledgeable and answered my questions.
Your person was very friendly and courteous and as helpful as he could be with the question that I asked him.
The gentleman that helped me was very courteous and kind and answered my questions.
The advocate was very helpful and she answered all my questions.
Your representative was very punctual very knowledgeable and was able to answer my question without any difficulty.
I had Victoria as a representative who answered all my questions and was extremely helpful and polite and knowledgeable.
Your representative was very kind very helpful and she answered my question immediately.
The people who answered my questions were very informed and very helpful.
The representative was very courteous and friendly and answered all of my questions.
My representative was very friendly and helpful and offered me several solutions to my series of questions.
He was very pleasant and very knowledgeable and answered all the questions that I asked him.
The people I talked to were very competent and answered my question very quickly and very promptly.
The young man I spoke with was very professional and answered all of my questions perfectly.
The person that I talked to was right on target and very informative and answered all my questions and I'm very satisfied.
I spoke to a wonderful representative named Anne who was quite polite and knowledgeable and entirely answered my question.
Young man was very prompt in answering my call and very thorough with the research.
Everything I asked was answered very courteous very thoughtful.
I was very pleased with my service and the girl answered all my questions and was very helpful.
Ryan was very professional and he answered all my questions.
The gentleman was very courteous and answered all my questions.
Craig was wonderful and he answered my questions quickly and very clearly.
The gentleman was very polite and answered all my questions.
A very personable individual and answered all my questions and took care of my concerns in a very professional manner.
The representative was very clear and answered my questions very well.
Your young man was very professional and he answered all my questions and he was very kind and patient.
The resident was very helpful very patient and answered all my questions properly.
(Unclear) was very helpful in answering my questions and very patient.
The gentleman was really polite very helpful and answered all my questions.
Everything was handled and all of my questions were answered and the representative was very helpful and nice.
Brian was very helpful very patient and answered all my needs.
The representative was very attentive and she took care of all my questions.
She answered my question in a timely manner and was very courteous and helpful.
You were very courteous and you answered my question very promptly.
The gentleman Anthony was very answered all my questions and no problems and very polite so did a great experience.
The person Dave was great he was very professional and answered all my questions.
Leo was very thorough and my questions were resolved in a timely fashion.
You answered all my questions and the agent was extremely courteous attentive and informative.
I think everything's perfect and the lady was very nice very courteous and answered all my questions I needed to know.
My conversations were very (unclear) very satisfaction.
the girl that answered my call was very helpful and very polite.
The representative was extremely courteous and answered all of my questions and like I say she was very knowledgeable too.
Brian was very helpful and answered my questions.
The operator was very she answered all my questions and she was very helpful.
The representative was very helpful and answered all my questions.
I had the most wonderful experience speaking with Mary she was polite friendly and extremely knowledgeable and answered all of my questions thank you.
He was polite if I asked a question.
The representative I had answered all my questions in a very timely manner and was very courteous and very helpful.
You've answered all my questions and you were very thorough and the operator was very nice in helping me out.
But Patricia who handled my questions was very nice and very responsive.
Very courteous and answered my questions very quickly.
The rep was very helpful and she answered all the questions.
He was very helpful and we are completely satisfied and answered all of our questions very well.
The worker was very helpful and answered all my questions immediately.
The representative was very nice and knowledgeable and answered my question.
All my questions were answered and my agent was very courteous and knew her stuff.
But he was very courteous very good in all the questions that I asked him.
JJ was very fast in answering my questions and very courteous.
The customer service rep was very friendly and informative and answered my question right away.
It was very efficient and she answered my question.
Very professional and answered all the questions.
They answered me in a readily fashion and they were very courteous.
Lavon was very helpful very personable and answered all of my questions.
The young man was very good and answered all my questions.
Your representative Missy was very good in handling my questions.
the representative answered everything very quickly and hopefully cordial and it was good.
everybody's been polite and informative and answered all my questions.
The representative was very thorough and answered my questions.
answered in a more professional way and was good.
That answered my question very courteous and I'm happy.
The gentleman I spoke to was very knowledgeable helpful pleasant and my answer was or my question was answered and all was good.
The person I talked to was very nice very helpful and didn't mind answering all questions and did a great job.
she answered all my questions and was very pleasant.
Actually the agent was incredibly informative and I had my questions solved and answered very politely and actually had a great conversation.
It was handled in a timely matter and the representative was very sweet and polite and she answered my questions right away.
I spoke with Gaelyn and most helpful person very friendly and answered all my questions.
The person was very educated and polite and answered my questions.
Well nothing the person was very polite and courteous and answered all my questions.
Very polite and solved my problem.
They were very courteous and answered all my questions.
He was wonderful and he answered my questions and he was very nice.
The representative was very knowledgeable and answered my question and resolved my problem.
He was more than super helpful and really answered all my questions with the best ability that anyone ever could.
The phone calls were answered quickly and proficiently and I'm very happy.
I spoke to two people and they were both very nice and polite and answered my questions and resolved everything.
Your representative Athena was very helpful and was able to answer our questions and was very attentive to our needs.
He was a very nice young man and he answered all my questions correctly.
I was attended to with courteous and answered all my questions and the person was very understanding.
my questions were answered and they were very polite and very helpful.
The representative was very courteous and answered my question right away and I enjoyed talking to her.
Representative was very helpful and courteous and answered all my issues.
I get my questions answered in a timely manner and the lady that I was talking to was very polite and very businesslike.
All my questions were answered and the gentleman was very polite and informative.
My questions were answered and the agent was absolutely perfect and polite and helpful.
The gentleman was very considerate and answered all my questions.
The service is always excellent and the questions are always answered to clearly and more than comprehensively as needed.
(Unclear) was extremely professional and very friendly and resolved my questions in a very professional manner thank you.
Your employee was very courteous and she answered my question.
Kirk was very helpful and answered all my questions very completely.
The representative was very polite and understood my question and answered me correctly.
The lady was very courteous kind knowledgeable and answered all my questions in a timely manner.
The receptionist is very good at answering my questions.
He answered my questions and he was very knowledgeable and I a very positive experience.
the lady was very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions.
My questions were answered and the lady was very courteous and I appreciate that.
Not anything the lady that helped me was very knowledgeable and very polite and answered all of my questions.
Person who answered my call was very complete in her answers and very courteous and kind.
The customer service representative was very polite very sympathetic answered all my questions gave me hope.
The your employee was very nice very professional warm and answered all my questions.
They answered my questions and they were very very courteous professional and I couldn't have asked for more.
The lady that answered was very courteous very good.
The agent was extremely helpful and clarified all of my questions.
Aurora was very helpful and resolved my question.
It was very helpful and he answered all my questions.
Nothing really the representative was very kind very patient and really answered all my questions.
He was (unclear) like I said very compassionate and understanding and answered my question and I was very satisfied.
Miss Barbara assisted me very professional very thorough courteous pleasant helpful and just answered every question efficiently and professionally.
The representative she was extremely helpful and answered all my questions.
My question got answered and the representative was very nice and her information was very nice.
The representative was very helpful answered all my questions and was very polite.
The representative was very pleasant knowledgeable and she answered all my questions and I was very pleased so thank you.
They answered my questions and was very polite about it.
Rob was very knowledgeable and courteous and efficient and he answered you know the issue I had quickly and you know very well.
Very courteous and kind and answered all my questions.
Everybody's always been nice and courteous and has always been able to answer my questions right away.
She answered my question very pleasant personable to speak to.
They've always answered my questions and they you know very pleasant and friendly and professional.
Tom was very helpful in answering all my questions.
The gentleman who answered my questions absolutely knew everything and was very clear and very helpful.
The representative JJ was very helpful answered all my questions in a professional and courteous way.
The gentleman was very courteous and he answered all my questions.
You answered my questions and you were very kind and knowledgeable.
The questions were answered very courteously and very professionally and I was completely satisfied.
Kyle was patient kind and considerate in answering my questions about denied claims.
Not a thing better because the agent that I talked to was very knowledgeable very polite and very kind and answered all my questions.
