The person was a gentleman and he had a nice personality and was very clear and that's it.
The guy Ivan was so helpful so kind so patient.
It was very pleasant talking to her.
The service was very nice and we really appreciated Debbie.
He is very pleasant very joyful and he just made my experience great today and I'm just grateful.
She's so pleasant and experienced and I like her very much.
He was real helpful and everything you know nice friendly and everything cuz you know.
The young man was very good and he told me what I needed to know and I'm very satisfied.
The gentleman was very helpful and solved my problems and that's the main thing.
My problem was took care of in a very friendly manner and a very helpful way.
The person who helped us was very good very courteous understood the issue and gave a completely good answer and understandable.
The gentleman I had to help me was very polite and very professional and I don't see there's any improvement needed.
I've never had somebody so kind and so helpful ever.
Very patient and so it was very nice to speak with her.
And polite and I'm a 78 year old veteran and I feel well satisfied.
He was very pleasant and we had a nice conversation.
I understood the person very pleasant.
Extremely kind and patient and I really really recommend her.
They're always friendly and know what they're doing.
You were it's always a pleasure and very convenient for me to call.
I found the this representative to be very helpful today.
The staff the person who helped me was very very good and very patient.
And the gentleman was very pleasing to work with.
He was very tenacious in working through the problem and we find.
He was very helpful I appreciate it.
The person that helped me was very nice and pleasant.
The person I spoke to Ruben was outstanding extremely attentive handled all the details very well and overall I'm extremely satisfied.
we laughed and he was very personable.
Tyler was absolutely courteous and he was real informative and he helped me a lot.
The agent was very helpful and the situation is now clarified and I'm good with the call.
Very good at his job and very personable on the phone and I give him straight A's.
I was totally satisfied so and the (unclear) was courteous and knowledgeable and (unclear).
They're always courteous to me and I appreciate that.
I talked to 3 different people and it was very nice and polite and courteous.
She's very professional and I enjoyed the time speaking with her.
It was just wonderful to deal and I dealt with 3 different people and everyone was just as sweet and as kind and as thoughtful as they could be.
The young man was very nice talking to him.
I don't have any comments other than the young lady was very helpful and very professional.
And he was very accommodating very helpful as far as he could be.
I really don't think there's anything that could've been better done better because I was very pleased and the lady was very polite and very nice.
He was very helpful with me and I appreciate it and-.
David was quite helpful but we still have issues.
He was very courteous and I have no problems whatsoever.
The representative was very helpful and very understanding and so I don't have anything to suggest.
You couldn't have done anything better it was excellent the representative was just professional and terrific and very thorough.
It's very good very informative so Janice was on the ball.
James was more than helpful and did a lot of research into my issue.
Paul was wonderful and I appreciate his help.
The agent was very helpful and I appreciate it.
The young man was really courteous and he was really nice and he did help us so there's nothing more to do.
My name is John Mizenheimer and the service was very very good.
They were very courteous and really appreciate their assistance.
Person representing you is was absolutely fantastic very professional.
They're just customer friendly and my God.
She's very pleasant and I enjoyed speaking with her.
But maybe a little less time waiting but she was very helpful very pleasant very knowledgeable.
So (unclear) the representative for being extraordinarily helpful very informative and (unclear) the fact that she was knowledgeable.
The rep was very pleasant and knowledgeable and my problem was resolved in a very cordial way and I can't think of what you could've done better.
I thought that Patty the representative was most courteous most helpful most knowledgeable.
This call was very satisfactory to me clear and well described.
He was very knowledgeable and he understood what I want and he took care of these very well.
It was explained well to me in a very professional manner so I appreciate the help.
I think the person is very good very patient.
Edward did a very good job and Rose was helpful as well.
They have all been very respectful and I enjoy talking to them.
It was just so perfect and so easy and the rep I spoke with was such a sweetheart.
For once in quite a while Lucy was very helpful today.
They were not knowledgeable and not thank you.
The person who helped me was extremely helpful and I'm very pleased if not everything went very well.
He was very good I have he was wonderful.
I don't have any complaints so everything was personable and friendly and a good experience.
Very courteous and didn't make me feel like an idiot.
Everything was fine and the gentleman was very courteous and very professional so I have no problems or no complaints at this time.
I was treated with courtesy and very knowledgeable.
And he was just delightful person to speak with.
I mean the representative was very helpful very patient with me so I'm completely satisfied.
Everybody's been very polite very helpful and willing to take the extra step and I appreciate it.
And Mr Dan is a very good person as far as I know and I was well satisfied.
very nice person and that's all I needed.
The representative was very very informative very helpful and very professional and there was nothing else that he could do for me.
Y'all were as helpful as anyone could expect.
The man that spoke to me was absolutely wonderful and very knowledgeable.
He was very helpful very friendly and got to the root of the problem and I really appreciate his help.
The gentleman Wade he was very helpful and hopefully it'll be resolved Monday or Tuesday.
Everything was very good and very informative and I'm very happy that I called.
Aaron was really great in communicating with me.
The young man that I spoke with was just fantastic he was very cordial very personable and knew exactly his business and his job.
The gentleman was very helpful very informative and put my mind at ease.
The person I had was very nice and everything seemed to be taken care of right away.
And they were very polite and good so it went well.
My experience was very well taken care of.
And talked very good to me.
She's excellent and she did a fine job.
He doesn't speak good English and I was very unsatisfied with the conversation.
The gentleman by the name of Nate was very efficient very polite and very quick with the answers.
It was very pleasant talking with Rose.
Everything was great and the service representative was very polite and very efficient so I guess that's about all I have to say.
It was very pleasant talking to you.
Everyone has been very helpful to us.
She's been very helpful for me.
They was fantastic couldn't have done any better which is unusual because usually your people are not very well trained at all.
It was very productive and I appreciate the help.
We were all very courteous and you always are nice and everything.
He was professional helpful courteous it was really a pleasure talking with him and getting my problem solved.
Well the gentleman was very helpful but sometimes he was a little difficult to understand but he did get me through.
John was very efficient and I appreciated his help.
Everything went great and Jerica was very kind and helpful.
I'd rather talk to someone that was very fluent in English.
April was so helpful and I appreciate it.
He helped me in every single way and was very fast and efficient thank you very much.
The reps are very knowledgeable and it's a pleasure speaking to them.
Person was knowledgeable and everything.
So but that both calls were handled very nicely and they were very courteous and very well mannered people.
Loved his personality he was very informative very knowledgeable about stuff and he was very patient with me and so I don't think he could've done (unclear) better than that.
Everything was wonderful and I had a very courteous clerk.
Did an excellent job and I was very satisfied.
He was excellent and charming and gracious and very thorough and I don't have anything to suggest that needs to be remedied.
You were very kind to me.
The representative was excellent and I really appreciate his remarks.
He was very thorough very polite and very great and I understand that and it helped me understand a little bit better.
They were great and very well versed so they knew they were just really good.
The care here has been good and I'm very happy and I wasn't happy before.
I spoke to a few other representatives who are likewise very good.
Buelah in Texas was excellent very professional.
He gave me full expiations and he was very thorough very personable and he's a credit to the United Insurance Company.
Very polite and I enjoyed speaking with her.
The help was so nice and so friendly and I really appreciate it.
And very enjoyable to speak to.
So I think the agent was very helpful he was just as nice as he could be and patient and nothing but kudos for him.
You couldn't done anything better because he was very nice and very helpful.
He is an absolute credit to your company and he just was so professional helpful friendly patient.
And the man who helped me the agent was very helpful and very nice.
She's very thorough I appreciate it.
Very enjoyable to talk to and everything.
It was excellent and the representative that helped me was extremely nice.
Nothing the young man was very helpful and I appreciate that.
I think she did an extremely good job and I'm very happy.
Jonathan was you know very professional.
She's very kind and kudos to her.
Brian was very good at talking to me.
He was very helpful and it was very fast so I'm very happy with the service.
They're always polite with me.
Young man excellent and he was very friendly he was very helpful just keep doing what you're doing.
He was very friendly so I don't have any complaints.
The gentleman was very courteous which I do appreciate.
The service that I got was concise refreshing honest and sincere and to be real honest the young lady who's name was Freddie.
Jason was very very nice but I had a little hard time understanding him.
and he was speaking English but he was I guess speaking fast but he was very courteous and very nice.
Yeah everything was very professional and she was very helpful.
Justin was helpful and humorous and just a delightful person to deal with in changing my plan for vision.
They really were very nice person talking to.
But Alana one of your representatives is very intelligent and very.
The service was excellent Amanda was very helpful and I don't have any complaint with the call.
Yes the gentleman he was really nice and knowledgeable.
I liked it and everybody was very sweet and they talked nice.
Mike was very good very professional and he went out of his way so I'm pleased.
It was very good the guy that answered my question was very nice and I.
I can't think of anything that could've been done different the representative was very helpful very knowledgeable and very kind so everything was wonderful.
The gentleman was very professional and I really appreciate that.
And (unclear) for his trial and he was very polite and very nice altogether so I'm quite happy.
The girls were excellent and very knowledgeable and did everything that I asked for and did a good job.
But they were very helpful and they were incredible information.
Christopher was so helpful and no complaints at all.
The call was fine and the gentleman that helped me was really pretty good.
They're always very pleasant to talk to.
Very well treated nothing was wrong the young lady was very helpful.
The young man that helped me was really really generous with his help courteous and kind.
The young man that helped me was very friendly and very efficient so I couldn't imagine anything else he could've done any better.
They all three were very professional and were very attentive and really took care of my issues.
Everything was perfect very clear and understandable that person should be acknowledged as a good employee representative.
The time that I spent was very brief very nice.
He was professional he had the utmost respect and the courtesy was great.
He was so patient so understanding and so courteous to me.
Absolutely nothing your representative was more than helpful and a pleasant person to speak with.
Very satisfied quick to talk to a rep and very proficient in taking care of things.
And everybody's been really courteous and I really appreciate it.
Very courteous and I have no complaints whatsoever.
The agent was very informative and there's nothing you could've done better.
And very pleasant lady to speak with.
James was absolutely 110% professional and we appreciate it.
Very helpful very courteous very nice and a really went overboard to help me with the situation I called about so.
The one with whom I talked was very cooperative and helpful and I'm just very pleased.
But the man was very helpful and I appreciated the time.
The young man was very courteous and I appreciate that.
He went out of his way to just be very helpful.
And just a polite and helpful as she could be.
Donald was very polite and nothing needs to be changed.
Mario was wonderful he was a great help.
I was very satisfied and he did a good job.
And the gentleman was very kind and he found the information for me and I really appreciate that.
So both girls did a terrific job as customer service reps quite helpful.
But he was very courteous as you always are.
You did an excellent job very pleased.
I called to change medical groups and Presley was extremely helpful efficient and knowledgeable.
The young man was very helpful very compassionate and it seems like he took care of my problem so keep up the good work.
The member was real helpful and I appreciate it.
Whoever I spoke to was very informative very nice and I couldn't be more satisfied.
They were very nice to me.
He was very helpful and there was nothing else.
Benjamin was great to work with.
I've always been completely satisfied.
It was perfect very professional and I felt that there was a nice rapport.
They were so nice to me.
He was real nice but I had trouble understanding him.
The gentleman Allen his employee number is 52128 was absolutely wonderful and very informative and that's it.
There really isn't anything the representative was very polite and helpful.
The representative was very helpful and courteous I wish they were all like that.
He was very perfect and had a lot of patience with me.
Christian was an excellent person to speak with.
I am very very helpful and I really like the.
The representative was very nice explained everything to me.
They were absolutely completely helpful and I had a good experience.
I had a courteous customer service rep and I'm very pleased.
The representative that took care of us was very well knowledge and was very good.
When I mean I just got off the phone the agent was very nice and very polite and very competent.
Kindly personable and the best experience I could ever experience.
The gentlemen was very informative very helpful and I just can't think of anything else.
Very knowledgeable and met my need beyond my expectations.
His name was Oscar and he was extremely helpful and that's all I have to add.
The gentleman was very nice very thorough and got things taken care of.
I mean your personal is overall very helpful and very pleasant but giving wrong information previously does not help.
The person that helped me was very pleasant and efficient and I appreciate the help.
The person was extremely informative and he helped me a lot.
Everybody's always been so helpful to me.
The representative was very courteous and knowledgeable and there isn't anything else that he could've done and he was professional in every way.
Everybody is very courteous and helpful and I have no complaints.
The person I spoke to was very polite very knowledgeable and thorough so can't expect much more than that.
And he was very easy to understand and very helpful so I don't really have any complaints.
The gentleman is very helpful and I appreciate that.
And I thought he was very responsive and very nice and he did a good job.
Everything was just fine and the representative was very gracious and did everything just wonderful.
Although Sierra and Don B were very helpful this week.
He really walked me through a lot of stuff and he was very helpful and empathetic and I so appreciate his help.
It was wonderful and helpful and I feel totally satisfied.
Everybody is knowledgeable and polite and all that good stuff.
He was absolutely so professional and he helped me understand so many things.
It was very interesting talking to your representative.
(Unclear) was very helpful with me.
The gentleman was absolutely superb in helping me.
It would've been good if we had been able to get me onto the health safe website but the lady was very helpful and very nice.
The customer service Maria from Texas was really sweet and understanding very helpful.
Dale was very helpful today and I appreciated his time.
The gentleman I spoke with was very professional and did a very good job.
The young man who tried to get that done was very helpful and very efficient so I would give him high marks.
There's nothing that else that could've been done the girl was very sweet and very helpful.
Very good very professional and right to the point and understood the situation and solved it.
The two people I spoke to were very kind nice and courteous and they could not have done any more than they did.
I was treated very graciously and kind.
Very pleasant courteous respectful efficient extremely helpful the service as I said was outstanding.
The representative whose name was Jeff was very polite and well informed and I appreciate it the availability of a representative of that quality.
And Dominic could not have been more helpful and more wonderful.
He just really was patient and understanding.
He was very pleasant to talk to.
The person I talked to was informative cooperative helpful and very polite and I couldn't ask for any more than that.
the young man was very nice and I appreciate that.
I reach the nicest people at your end and they've always been very courteous and very helpful.
But he was very polite and kind so give him high remarks.
You were really very nice to me.
And my person who was talking to me was Dedra and she's very nice very helpful and overall excellent.
Alan the agent who (unclear) today he was very courteous very nice to talk to.
They're very nice to me.
It was very honest I thought and very straight forward.
Sierra the supervisor did a good job helping us and was very courteous and responsive and so everything is fine.
They've been very helpful to me.
I don't mind courteous and chat but not too much.
He did his job very good.
The man was very helpful Don and he answered far right.
Y'all was very good in what y'all did.
The gentleman really was very nice and took care of all my needs.
She's so pleasant and she's so knowledgeable and I can't say enough about her.
I was very satisfied and got good response rapid connection to the representative and I'm very happy.
The ladies voice was pretty clear but these foreign speaking people are very difficult to understand on the phone.
The gentleman Nate was very helpful to me and I do so appreciate it.
No the lady was very helpful and prompt.
The young man was very generous and he helped me out a lot.
You're always so helpful to me.
It was very helpful and I appreciate it.
'Cause I call there and Bobby was so pleasantly nice and spoke so calmly and patiently.
Brook was very helpful as have all of the customer service representatives been so far.
He was very polite nice when I was (unclear) to help.
Everybody was extremely professional and got good quick service.
Eddie was so very helpful in assisting me in getting an override.
Y'all have been very kind and considerate towards me and I would.
The representative was very helpful and very nice so I can't say anything that could've been done better.
The gentleman that worked with me was very courteous was very kind.
They were super super nice and I appreciated it.
He was so informational and such a nice fellow that I really appreciate his behavior on the phone and his clarity in his voice.
Because the gentlemen who helped me was very polite and very helpful.
This representative was really thorough and I appreciate it.
The people I've dealt with are very patient and they're just wonderful.
Every time I call in the representatives are so friendly and extremely helpful.
They're always courteous they're always very effective and I could not be happier.
The assistant was very very pleasant and I just am grateful for people like that to (unclear).
(Unclear) Riley was really good and very on top of everything and I really appreciate his help.
He was very nice and he did everything right.
Kim was very nice to talk to.
They were very helpful friendly and I couldn't ask for anything better.
anything that you could've done different and she was very respectful and patient.
It was very nice and I think I.
I would say there's nothing because this lady was very professional and very helpful.
They were courteous understanding.
(Unclear) was very efficient and professional there wasn't anything better.
The gentleman who is helping me is very helpful and very patient.
Everything everyone was very nice and they helped me immensely.
And she's very friendly and she helped us out tremendously.
It wasn't a big deal but the service person was very accommodating and pleasant to talk to.
Ashley and Cheryl were very helpful and I so appreciate all that y'all do.
He was quite helpful and just a love to attitude.
So keep it up and the people were very friendly that I talked to and they were very very conferrable.
There's something that very nice about her.
Everybody was very helpful and I really appreciate it.
Nothing everything was very satisfactory and it very pleasant person to talk to.
The representative was nice kind patient and it was an enjoyable conversation.
Absolutely nothing and I like to give that girl Alex was very polite and very helpful.
Just so patient and easy to understand and she just came across as very caring.
It was everybody was just lovely and easy to work with.
Brandon the person I talked to was very nice and very helpful.
He was very nice his ID number is ACASTR22.
I've been treated real good.
Everything went just perfect and they were so courteous and they were very professional and I just love this insurance.
The reception is not great today but everyone has been most helpful and I appreciate the services.
The person was real professional and I love the service.
Each time I've called I've always been very pleased.
The young man was very helpful and I appreciated it.
Mr Jones Mr Avant Jones was most useful very knowledgeable and I would give him a 10.
These people were all very professional they were helpful and they sent they were very patient in taking their time with me.
The representative was great and he handled the call very well.
Andrew was excellent and I really appreciated his help.
Kirk was very efficient friendly informative and I'd give him a gold star.
The young man who waited on me he was very helpful he was very caring he was very sincere.
The gentlemen that helped me was very thorough and was had a very positive attitude very friendly attitude so I appreciated that that he was very patient with us with me so I don't think at this time that would require any kind of improvements.
My representative Regina was professional friendly knowledgeable and efficient all is well.
It was all done in a very excellent manner and I'm very pleased with the help I got.
He was just very polite (unclear) and I appreciate it.
Everything seemed to be satisfactory and they were very courteous to me and I appreciate that.
The person on the phone was very explicative so I was very happy with them and everything is okay.
They've always been very helpful it's been a pleasure doing business with you.
Darren was very helpful and everything went.
Light difficulty with the operator's accent other than that she appears to be conscientious and helpful that's about it.
Everything was fine informative and the person was very patient with me.
It was very good and Dana was an excellent person to talk to.
Everybody was polite professional and kind and made my whole day.
Pete was great and I appreciate his help.
He was excellent at what he does.
I'm completely satisfied and Josh your representative was extremely helpful and courteous and exactly what any customer would hope to expect.
I mean he was excellent employee and there's.
The gentleman that took care of was very knowledgeable and everything he's answered okay.
He spoke very good English since I speak English.
Very efficient very helpful and I understood her even though she's from the Philippines.
I was treated with respect and it was a very good outcome.
They were so helpful and when I applied to the Silver Sneakers I mean these people were just wonderful they were so kind and respectful and it just it was just a good experience it was it's a wonderful experience.
This was an awesome phone call and Chris was extremely helpful to me and very pleasant to work with.
This agent went above and beyond and was so helpful and friendly and just made our day.
The representative was very courteous friendly willing to engage with me on a personal level to make me feel like I was very much part of the UHC family.
She's very good and very patient and she understood my situation so I'm very satisfied.
But he was absolutely fabulous and I appreciate all his help.
Representatives were so polite and so ready to help you.
There is nothing I could've been done better the representative was very knowledgeable and helpful.
There was nothing that you left out and the gentleman was very good.
Very informative both in English and Spanish which is my languages.
I'm sure he was very helpful and did his best.
He was very helpful but you have to have.
They were very efficient and they were good listener and they solved my problem completely.
They were all nice to me.
They were very very helpful and really set my mind at ease.
The people are well informed and do the very good job.
could talk to someone and they were very very nice.
my question was answered perfectly and very fast so I'm very pleased.
The gentleman was really nice and I understand everything now so it's very happy.
I was taken care of in a very polite helpful way.
All the people I spoke to today were in some way very encouraging and very indicative of the kind of help that I think patients need.
There was excellent service and a wonderful person I spoke to.
On today's call the person that helped me was very kind and everything's very well.
The young man from West Virginia was just courteous and just a nice young man.
Just being courteous and so forth is they were courteous but that's my only gripe.
She's very helpful and she really talked nicely.
Very courteous and I really enjoyed talking with her.
The claims rep was very helpful and very friendly and I think everything is going to work out just fine.
They were very helpful and I have no.
But Mark was extremely helpful at explaining everything.
It was perfect and your representative AnnaBelle could not be more knowledgeable and very kind.
So you're very blessed and so was I.
that I was provided and I'm very appreciative.
The person that helped me was very helpful very friendly.
(Unclear) and appreciated that she was very very thorough.
The person who helped me was very nice very helpful.
The ladies that helped me were very helpful very quick to respond.
Both Diamond and Ann were absolutely wonderful to work with and praise.
So yes she was very willing to help.
They speak so lovely to me.
The conversation was wonderful and I.
These girls were fine very courteous and I'm very happy to deal with UHC.
Everyone's been so helpful and I appreciate it.
The man I spoke to he was very knowledgeable and he was very funny and I enjoyed him a lot.
The gentleman was very was very cooperative and (unclear) my needs to the fullest extent.
He was so kind and gave me a lot of info and I appreciate him so much.
Very resourceful and went out of his way to help me.
I always have been so polite nice and everything.
his name was Locleche and he was very helpful very professional.
They were very patient with me.
Valentino was very good in explaining everything to me.
I'm just waiting on an appeal process so Alexis was very nice and was really very informative.
Very professional very friendly made me feel very comfortable so you get a ten for that.
Everyone is very kind and extremely helpful and has gone out of their way to help me and make my experience with all of this so much better.
All the agents that I deal with there are really super good and very helpful.
He was patient kind considerate smart knowledgeable and he made a point to find out and keep the customer happy or your client me happy.
But definitely put in his file that he was genuinely genuine kind and very patient.
Robin was a joy to talk to.
But other than that your people are friendly helpful professional and I was very impressed with them.
Your representative was very courteous understanding and eager to help.
He was so nice to stay with everybody.
Very nice and the guy I talked to was very helpful.
The gentleman was very helpful for me.
Everyone was courteous and kind and just so uplifting and I felt very confident that the reason I was calling is you know going to be taken care of.
I can't think of anything the representative was so polite and nice and kind helpful.
Today my provider was very helpful and was.
Robbie was wonderful knows his stuff.
Everybody is kind and good and getting the problem solved.
Your people are very nice and they help me out very much and I'm very happy with it.
Both lady's were excellent at their job.
They the person was very helpful and cheerful and easy to work with and couldn't have been better.
He was extremely professional and courteous and he just made my day.
Dan was my customer service representative and Dan was fantastic to work with.
Everybody was very helpful this morning.
I've had nothing but courteous and wonderful people.
They were very helpful the lady was very helpful and I don't think there's anything they could have.
And sometimes I get people that are not very knowledgeable but this gentleman was good.
was very well and the lady (unclear) was very particularly nice so there was a little wait time.
She's passionate and really patient and I appreciate that with her.
Because she's very patient and kind and knowledgeable and I just can't say enough about her.
But the representatives that I've had previously before her were very rude and not acceptable to me at all.
Our representative was great he was very patient with me and he did a really good job.
I was handled very well and I'm extremely happy.
I don't have any suggestions because Donovan that I spoke to was very helpful and very polite.
He had an excellent sense of humor and made me feel very relaxed.
She answered very quickly and as usual the reps are very nice also.
He was very kind courteous and that would be what I would suggest that you can do better.
I know those are helpful but the representative was very very helpful and offered many solutions.
George was very helpful with me.
Well unfortunately I misunderstood the girl and I was very unfortunately very rude.
The one that helped me was very knowledgeable and very easy to talk to.
He was very professional patient and took care of everything.
He was very helpful and I appreciate it.
Person that helped me was very thorough and very explained things very well.
(Unclear) was very helpful and I talked to a Tiana previously.
He was very knowledgeable and provided wonderful assistance to me.
I was well served and very appreciated and the agent was very pleasant to me.
He was a very kind helpful person and that's all I can say.
that needed to be done further the associate Linda was so helpful and so knowledgeable.
The young man I spoke to was very nice and very helpful and I can't think of a thing he could've done that he didn't do so he was a good employee.
Everything was just great I love calling here very helpful responsive and quick.
And very pleasant to talk to.
He was (unclear) Javier was very patient with me.
The service was excellent and did an excellent job.
I was helped in a very professional very quick very like I say very professional way.
Ton was a very good representative of UHC and really helped me.
Nothing everything was wonderful he was very helpful and I couldn't have asked for a better representative.
I don't feel that there was anything else they could've done for me I was very pleased they was very professional and they were very helpful.
As a matter of fact everyone that I've ever spoken with there has been very professional very good simply amazing.
There was nothing that you could've done everything was very was professional and very helpful.
Everything was handled very professionally and very good I couldn't have been more pleased Nicholas was the guy that helped me but he was very helpful.
in a very courteous manner and I was completely satisfied.
(Unclear) Joshua was very pleasant and I was very happy with it.
He was very polite and if he was one of my employees I'd give that boy a raise.
AARP has been very helpful with United Healthcare.
The representative was very informative and she helped me a lot.
You're very much helpful to me and I appreciate it.
The representative was very nice but he could not speak English very well.
They were very nice and took care of me very nice.
It was very nice talking with Brian.
Everything was done perfectly and so politely and just such an enjoyable person that helped me.
He did wonderful and I've always been treated wonderful.
It felt very complicated but the two people that helped me were very kind and very nice.
The reps are very helpful and I appreciate that.
He was very polite knew his work and he's very good.
Michae was very helpful and I don't see how he could have been anymore helpful.
It was very simple very plain and I was really pleased that it went over so quick.
Y'all are wonderful people.
