The gentleman was very polite very congenial took care of the payment for me and did an outstanding job.
The gentleman I spoke with was very professional very courteous very helpful and had everything taken care of.
He was courteous polite and I appreciated all that he did.
Brian who I spoke to was very nice very polite and he told me exactly what I needed to know.
William was his name was William and helped me concerning my matters and he was great and very informative.
The representative actually was very caring and offered to set up my next well visit appointment which was very unexpected but very welcomed.
He was very knowledgeable and he made sure that I understood everything that he was saying and he was I asked many questions and he was very good at clarifying the rules to my particular issue.
I was given very good service and the person that worked with me was very pleasant very nice very helpful and my problem was resolved.
He handled it perfectly and he was very understanding and patient and he cooperated with me.
I got very good service and the lady was very polite and I very satisfied with calling in and she answered my question and you have a very good employee there.
he was very courteous and resolved that issue.
Everything was handled very professionally and the people that were helping me were very helpful and very polite and I really enjoyed talking to them.
The representative was courteous and helpful and I was very glad that I called UHC for the information.
I'm hard of hearing and I had difficulty understanding the representative even though she was extremely friendly and polite.
But as far as the conversation he did the best he could with what information I gave him and I was very appreciative and he was very kind very helpful and I do appreciate that.
The person who helped me was extremely friendly and helpful.
Damon was very helpful and put me in contact with HP.
Actually the questions were resolved and the person on the phone was extremely courteous and professional.
Nick was very knowledgeable about everything I asked about and very helpful and everything was taken care of to my satisfaction.
I got all the details and he was wonderful and patient and a nice voice to hear.
The representative I spoke to (unclear) me with everything I needed and was very polite and very respectful and it was a pleasurable call.
The people I spoke to were very helpful and friendly they were good.
The young man was excellent in his answers.
He seemed to be very professional and he seemed to be knowledgeable about what is going on.
He was extremely polite and he went overboard on checking his background to make sure he was right in his answers.
Very polite and understood what I needed.
Everyone I talk to was very thorough and knowledgeable.
Your representative was professional and courteous and empathetic and he took the time to explain things.
He was very courteous and told me what I needed to know.
No everything was done very efficiently the speaking was the agent was very courteous and I appreciate that.
I had a very nice representative and we carried on a good conversation and everything was fine.
The representative helped me very quickly and she was very thorough and I have no concerns.
The person that took care of my case was really friendly and very professional.
good information and was very pleasant and looked everything up.
Your rep was very thorough she helped me with everything I asked she was very informative very helpful very friendly and I got.
The customer service representative was patient and persistent and she got what I needed.
He was very knowledgeable and very patient and explained everything very well so I appreciate that.
Alexander was very good and very pleasant and proceeded very well and we got along fine and everything was done very well to my satisfaction.
The guy was very friendly and courteous and helped me with all the questions I had to ask.
Your operator was very pleasant and very thorough and went the extra mile for me.
He was kind courteous and he was real friendly and he gave me the answers that I asked him for.
No everything was fine it was quick and accurate and the person was very pleasant and friendly and answered all my questions.
The man who answered the phone was very courteous and he helped me out completely.
I thought that the representative was very thorough very direct and very much focused on my issues and very well spoken in giving me the help I needed and the answer.
The representative was very helpful and very respectful and I have no other suggestions.
He was very helpful and very helpful with everything that I needed.
It's very kind and patient and resolved my issue.
He was very helpful walked me through quite a bit of information so I'm completely satisfied.
But the person that took care of us was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
There was nothing that could be done better the operator that customer service I had talked with Kathleen she was extremely polite and friendly and everything that I had asked she had answers for and just very knowledgeable and polite.
They were polite and nice and did everything I asked.
Was very knowledgeable in her information and was just a delight to talk to.
The agent that helped us was very helpful very kind very respectful and we were quite satisfied with the phone call.
The person on the phone was very helpful and very considerate.
The call was handled very professionally I was very pleased.
Nothing on the call the woman was very polite and helpful.
He was very informative very knowledgeable and provided me all of the information I needed within minutes.
The customer service lady was excellent and I was treated very very kindly.
Everything was done right and the gentleman I spoke with that spoke good plain English and was very informative and cooperative.
The customer service representative was very knowledgeable and genuinely seemed to care about my needs.
The person I talked to was very knowledgeable and gave us a quick precise answer so he was very good.
But your representative was so very kind and helpful and got me straightened out.
Everything was answered the lady I spoke with was very courteous and professional.
The person that I was on the phone with was very friendly and (unclear) informative and I believe my issue will be resolved.
The representative was very friendly and gave me the information that I needed.
The agent was very pleasant knowledgeable and I got the information I needed.
He knew exactly what we needed and was just so competent and confident.
Neil was my representative helping me and he was very thorough he was very patient he was very understanding and he had every bit of the knowledge necessary and my stuff at this fingertips.
They answered and were very polite and friendly and helpful and so I have no updates to give you.
Very compassionate and knowledgeable and took time to get the answers that I needed.
Everything was very well done and the man with whom I spoke was very courteous and knowledgeable so I appreciated it.
Everything went smooth and the lady was very helpful and the questions I had were answered quickly and professionally.
I had a little bit of trouble understanding the gentleman but he was very helpful and pleasant.
They were very helpful and they resolved the issue very quickly.
The person to whom I spoke was very helpful very polite and gave me the answers I needed.
I was very much taken care of and the gentleman that took care of me was very helpful.
Malcolm was very knowledgeable and very helpful and he put me at ease towards my claims to Central State Hospital and Embriel Orthopedics and Dr Cott.
But he was very persistent and very diligent in trying to get me answers.
They were very fast and very accurate and solved my problem.
All my questions were answered and the representative was very pleasant and knowledgeable and took care of everything so I'm happy.
He was very courteous very patient followed through on everything to my satisfaction.
The person that took care of my question was excellent and very knowledgeable.
The person I talked to was very professional and handled the my problem very good and gave me all the answers that I needed.
The representative was courteous and helpful and I had.
He was very helpful to me and made me feel very good about my call.
The representative was extremely courteous and very helpful so I'd say today's call my last call had been just fine.
Julian was courteous helpful and got me the information I needed very quickly.
It met my expectations and Dawn was very helpful and very polite.
The representative was very good and explained everything in detail to us and we were very satisfied and we thank her very much.
The gentleman was very attentive and he tried to help me as much as he could.
Marty the young gentleman explained everything perfectly and I fully understand and he was extremely helpful.
I received excellent customer service and courteous customer service.
I believe my phone conversation was helpful and the lady was very pleasant to talk to.
I was able to conduct my business very quickly and the person was very nice very gracious.
Everything went smooth and the person I talked to was just very courteous and.
The representative was very helpful very quick and I really appreciate her contacting the right people and getting that straightened out.
The gentleman was very courteous and very helpful and gave me information beyond what I called for to assist me.
I have no complaints and the person was very polite very (unclear).
The representative gave me my information was very courteous and polite and it was a pleasure getting my information.
The agent was really very helpful so I had no complaints.
There was the person I spoke with the customer service person was very kind and very helpful.
He was very efficient very kind and very patient while I spelled out the names of these doctors.
The gentleman was very nice very thorough and very detailed with the information he gave me and I appreciate it.
This was such a perfected phone call and the person I spoke to was very polite very knowledgeable and I had the person and I was very satisfied and she made my day.
The person was very cordial and gave me the information I needed.
The representative was knowledgeable courteous and timely in providing the information I requested.
Everything was done in a excellent manner and the rep that I spoke with was very knowledgeable.
He was very kind and helped me out.
I had a very personable very warm representative and I was very pleased with the customer service the manners and the relationship that she built in a few minutes.
The man I talked to was very nice and very helpful and so I'm satisfied with this whole conversation I had with him.
The representative was very courteous and helpful and did everything that I asked her to do and I thank her.
I've spoken to 2 people this morning and they were both very very helpful.
The representative was very helpful very informative and I understood everything that I was told that was going on.
Thomas was fabulous and resolved my issue.
Louis was the man that I spoke to and he was very helpful and he answered all my questions.
The sales rep was knowledgeable and she helped me very much.
The gentleman was very friendly he helped me get what I needed to get done and was very friendly and did just what I needed him to and I appreciate it.
My rep was courteous and short and sweet.
Every representative is always very helpful knowledgeable and always gives me all the information I need.
The customer service rep that I spoke with today was extremely helpful very very nice very gracious on the telephone very polite.
The representative was helpful and courteous and professional and he gave me the answers I needed.
Jonathan was extremely helpful and I got everything that I needed.
Everybody's courteous and knew their job.
Everybody was courteous very professional and covered the subject that I called in about.
He was very helpful and very pleasant but the person before that I've had people telling me not to pay the bill.
The representative that helped me was extremely polite and efficient and answered after a very short period of time and was very helpful and very friendly and I had a very good experience and I have no complaints.
Charles was very courteous and I was pleased with how he wanted to help.
He was extremely helpful and called the doctor's office for me so yeah everything was excellent.
The gentleman was very professional and patient and helpful reps and exactly what I needed.
Everything that I needed to know was answered and the gentleman I spoke to was very polite very courteous and I had an enjoyable conversation with him so thank you.
I was very satisfied and very pleased in that the agent that was handling me was very knowledgeable and courteous and very helpful and answered my questions to the fullest.
Everything was done very very well and the boy I spoke to was very very accommodating and very knowledgeable.
Everything was answered very clearly and the gentleman that talked to me was very nice and courteous.
Found the customer service representative very efficient very knowledgeable and I appreciated her interest her input and her time.
My phone call was answered very quickly and the girl was very sweet.
Austin was extremely nice and polite and helped me find what I needed.
The person I spoke with was very helpful very knowledgeable and was able to look up all the information that I asked for.
The representative Gabriel was very knowledgeable and very helpful and helped me solve my problem.
My agent was very interested in having the information accurate as the purpose of my call and she provided me with complete information and she was very friendly very friendly very thoughtful.
Everything went really well and the representative I talked to was extremely helpful and polite.
The representative that I talked with she's very kind and she was very knowledgeable about you know what I needed.
Today's conversation was very pleasant very professional and in fact took care of the problem.
The agent was very courteous and very pleasant and gave me all the information I needed.
Craig was pleasant on the phone.
The man was very efficient and spoke very and I could hear him but.
The agent was very nice very friendly and got the job done.
The guy was knowledgeable and it was quick to handle my problem.
The representative was very helpful very tuned and really made it easy to complete my request.
It was all very easy and there were no problems and I was very satisfied.
Everything was fine and questions were answered and I was professional and very good.
The agent was very good and so was the last one that I spoke to but was not able to leave a message.
John was very clear and right to the point.
However she was able to get us information outside of the realm which was very helpful and much appreciated.
It was a very good service the attendant was excellent and I enjoyed talking with her.
The customer service was very nice and helpful and I have no questions about them.
But the person was very courteous and professional and I believe provided me with the information I needed.
Everything was taken care of and the person that I spoke to was very delightful so I'm very happy.
They were very cordial they resolved the problems and.
The person that I spoke with appeared to be very very knowledgeable and helped me through a most difficult time that I do appreciate.
I think everything went very very well and that she was very helpful.
The person I spoke with was a supervisor and she was extremely knowledgeable very helpful very polite and I think we came to terms on what I need in the long run as well as right now.
Everything was done politely and I got the answer I was looking for and he was very polite and informative.
Chris was very helpful and got me the information I needed.
My representative was Dan and he helped me thoroughly and was very friendly.
He was very attentive and got me to the basics.
Tony was very knowledgeable of the questions I asked him and very helpful in getting me the information I needed.
Everything went well on this call and the representative was very patient with me and I appreciated her friendly caring attitude.
I got my information very quickly and the person was very courteous and my experience was really good and that's all I need to say.
He was very polite and it didn't have all the information.
The person I spoke with was conscientious and very helpful and she took a very.
The operator was perfectly helpful and rather was perfectly courteous and apologetic and I'll talk to them later.
I think the call was very very good courteous and the associate that I talked to Gabriel handled everything professionally.
He was very courteous and I was very pleased in my dealings with the representative.
The person who helped me was very knowledgeable very clear and explained everything very well.
The gentleman was very knowledgeable and everything went fine.
Other than that everything was fine and the young lady was very courteous and helpful.
The service rep was very kind and very informative and gave me exactly what I needed to know.
All my needs were met and the person was very helpful and also on my last call the gentleman who helped me was extremely helpful.
The employees were very courteous and found all the information I needed.
Shanda was very polite and very courteous and she got to the problem right away.
And he was very helpful and everything was easily done.
Everything was done excellent and the individual I spoke with was professional and kind and friendly.
It was handled very well and the customer service rep was so very helpful.
The representative was knowledgeable and she gave me the information quickly.
I spoke to the representative and her manager and I was very pleased.
He gave me the information I asked him and he was very cooperative and knowledgeable.
The young man Kevin was very helpful and he went right to the point and found out the information I needed and he was very nice.
And the representative was very thorough in the information that she gave.
He was very helpful in giving me answers that I needed.
The representative was very courteous and she even gave me some tips on certain things.
The agent was very helpful she did everything she could do so it was a very satisfactory call.
Kelly was my rep and he explained things very professionally and so I could understand them also very clearly and he was very friendly.
Brian was very polite and very informative and got me the information that I needed rather quickly.
They were prompt and courteous and they're taking care of my problem.
But the agent was once I got to the agent the representative she was very very helpful and polite.
(Unclear) very courteous and very determined to get the answer that I needed.
Every time I've called everybody has been very solicitous and helpful.
Everything the representative was very knowledgeable and she took care of everything in a very timely and wonderful courteous manner.
The service representative Pete was very helpful and has resolved the issue and I appreciate that.
The person I had in Georgia was very respectful and very helpful.
The second call the woman was very helpful and gave me a very quick response.
He was very helpful and got me to where I needed to be.
Everything was as it should be and my representative was very polite and extremely helpful.
Calvin was very cooperative and very helpful and got me the information I needed right off the bat so overall it was good service.
The customer service representative was very friendly and took care of my concern and so no problems.
Bob who I spoke with was very thorough and helped me out greatly.
The gentleman that I spoke to Aaron was very complete in his explanations and I was very happy talking to him.
Jason was very courteous and completed my call within five minutes.
But the agents were wonderful and tried to be extremely helpful and get me information.
customer service rep was extremely courteous very thorough so everything was great.
The associate was very helpful and gave me some good information.
Nothing that I can think of everything was fine and the person was very pleasant.
I spoke with Keisha today and Nicholas yesterday and you were both very helpful very pleasant.
Though I was transferred to a couple of different people everyone was extremely pleasant and helpful.
He was gracious courteous and fully understood my problem.
The customer service rep was very efficient friendly and did everything he could to take care of the problem.
The representative was very courteous very knowledgeable and helped me out a lot.
The whole conversation with the agent was very pleasant and completed the way I wanted.
Everything was fine they were very helpful and gave me a lot of information that I needed to know and was very helpful and I'm very satisfied with the way I was treated thank you.
He was fantastic and he handled everything professionally.
Spoke very good English and I was able to understand her.
The young man was very informed and wanted to help and did help.
And I had one question and the service rep was very knowledgeable and helpful.
The person who answered the phone on this call was exceptional I could clearly understand her and she was very efficient and very courteous nothing to improve upon.
Vanetta was extremely helpful in resolving a problem.
He was a very good gentleman very patient and gave me all the feedback I needed.
The representative was very courteous and nice and gave me all the information that I needed and that.
The customer service rep that I spoke to she was very thorough very professional and very helpful.
The agent I spoke with was very courteous very helpful and as far as I'm concerned she gets 100.
Everything went well the service rep Louis was very informative and gave me the information that I wanted quickly and I was very appreciative.
He was very helpful and completely satisfied my call.
The gentleman was very courteous and he went out of his way to help.
The representative was very cordial and very helpful and I had no complaints at all.
The representative I had was very courteous and I got my information very promptly.
He was very knowledgeable and he took care of what I needed to be taken care of.
Not much Michael was very professional and straight forward and kept me posted of his efforts.
He was very informative and very polite and I really enjoyed talking to him.
The call today was very helpful the gentleman I talked to was very helpful and the issue was resolved within a reasonable amount of time.
They were very courteous and gave me the information I needed.
It was really an excellent conversation and the information I got was very helpful and.
The telephone person was extremely kind and she gave me the right information so I really appreciate that.
Mike was most enjoyable and did everything he needed to do.
The person I spoke to was very knowledgeable and did a really good job.
I was well pleased with the information I received and she was very polite and courteous.
So he was very thorough and very kind and got the information I needed.
I was very satisfied with the representative I got and he was very informative and helped me very much.
The representative that I had was very efficient and gave me a lot of information.
The guy I talked to was very courteous and he helped me as much as he could.
And he was very nice and very polite and very (unclear) and I really appreciated how fast he was able to tell me exactly what this letter that I got today in the mail went.
The operator or person who answers the phone was a little bit difficult to understand and spoke just a little bit too fast.
They were very understanding and they were real patient with me and gave me the right information.
The call today went well and the representative was very patient and kind understanding.
The lady who responded was efficient effective prompt and really seemed to know the information.
AD was insightful and informative and he did everything I ask.
The call was very prompt and very helpful and I give the lady there a 10 plus.
The agent was professional very helpful and I'm once again completely satisfied with the service I got today.
It was answered correctly and the young lady talking to me was experienced knowledgeable and very friendly.
Both ladies were very professional very polite very tentative to listening to what I was inquiring about.
There wasn't anything they were both very very knowledgeable and made sure I understood.
The person I spoke to was extremely helpful very professional and they made my questions very easy.
He was very nice very polite very efficient got the information I needed.
The customer service rep was knowledgeable and pleasant and really handled all of my needs.
This gentleman who was very helpful and answered my questions and gave me a doctor to check on and he was just very helpful and very nice.
Your representative was very helpful and very polite and she took her time and she found exactly what.
Both people that I dealt with were very professional and very accurate in there information explanations different explanations.
I just wanted to make a payment and Haley the girl who answered was very very polite and very sweet.
Greg was my representative and he was very knowledgeable and explained it in terms that I could understand.
I had a very knowledgeable helpful person on the phone and they were very patient and it went extremely well.
The young man that I talked to he was very nice and sweet and explained everything to me just fine.
I spoke to Nick regarding home health services and he was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
But my representative was very helpful and spoke clearly enough that I could understand.
Everything was answered in a very professional manner and the gentlemen I spoke to was very kind and considerate.
The wait time was nothing and the gentleman was very knowledgeable very helpful very pleasant.
The representative our representative (unclear) was wonderful timely personable and she was able to respond to my request.
Sean was very courteous and very patient with me and I enjoyed talking to him.
Your service person was very upbeat on what I needed to know and very efficient and pleasant.
He was helpful he was clear and he was patient.
Actually I was real pleased with the experience and I had a representative named Skylar and he was very professional and he was great and resolved any questions.
It was fine the gentleman was very courteous I got the information I needed.
Sergio was very polite professional and he provided me information that I had not received from anyone else.
I have no problem and he was very knowledgeable and helpful.
But he was very helpful and he took care of my issues.
Most polite and it was a pleasure talking to her.
The representative was very courteous and very knowledgeable on the information that she had.
In all my previous calls I have always found the representatives very courteous and very helpful as best they could.
It was perfect the person I spoke to was very helpful and very courteous.
Your customer service agent is very courteous knowledgeable and quick with the response and with the information that I needed.
My contact was very inquisitive and tried to search out a problem.
The representative was great took care of the problem and was extremely courteous and informative.
He was very professional friendly and able to explain to me what I need to do.
He was very helpful however it was very noisy in the background.
The operator I spoke with was very patient and very thorough.
The associate was extremely helpful and clear and solved my problem.
The young man was very polite and everything went smooth and he understood what I was saying and I understand him.
The representative was very polite and very careful about explaining to me about everything that I needed to know.
My particular assistant was too chatty very smart very friendly but he repeated himself several times and I already understood what he was saying.
Everything was fine as far as I know he was very polite and helped me out.
The call that I had today was very informative and very good.
They were very knowledgeable and they went straight to the problem.
All of my concerns were answered and the lady Carla I spoke to was very pleasant and very knowledgeable.
My wait time was zero so that was nice and the man who helped me was purely professional polite and so helpful.
He was very knowledgeable very professional and everything was handled to my satisfaction.
he was very well informed and gave me all my answers right away and I was very happy with the whole conversation.
Keith was extremely knowledgeable of every question that I had.
All the information was excellent and the I she was very polite.
Hi my experience today was speaking with the representative she was courteous and polite.
He was not articulate he spoke very softly and he was dismissive at the end almost hanging up.
The person that handled my questions was very nice and very clear and so I have no problems.
The representative was very kind and respectful and explained everything to my understanding.
The phone call was answered promptly and the person was very polite and efficient and I don't feel as if there's anything that can be improved.
And the person that I spoke to was courteous and nice and pleasant and patient and I got the information I needed.
Everything went smoothly and the representative was extremely professional courteous and understanding.
He was very helpful and helped me with other things too.
The operator was very helpful and very courteous and I really enjoyed talking to him.
William was very explicit and explained clearly the problem.
The person I spoke with was very courteous and helped me a great deal.
Your representative was very polite and she was knowledgeable and I thank her for her time.
The agent was very cordial friendly and I felt very comfortable asking questions and didn't feel awkward at all.
Everything was just as I needed and the representative was very courteous and helpful.
But as a whole the representative was just a (unclear) knew exactly what I was asking and was just very considerate and helpful.
Your agent or rep was very kind and courteous and I'm very pleased with the results of my call.
And he was very knowledgeable and took care of it probably within 15 minutes.
The guy that I dealt with was very courteous and very knowledgeable.
They were very helpful and solved my problems.
Leo was very helpful and he fixed my problem.
Everything today was very satisfactory and the person who helped me was very good.
The gentleman I spoke with was very kind and took his time and did research for me and I appreciated it.
The representative was courteous friendly caring and knowledgeable and everything was resolved perfectly and it was fast and could not have been better.
She sent us in the right direction and we were very pleased.
The representative was very pleasant very knowledgeable and she explained everything to me for every question that I had so I was satisfied.
The person I spoke to was very courteous and gave me all the information that I needed.
Lola was my rep was completely cooperative helpful and very thorough at getting my questions resolved.
Nothing the call was fine the lady was very nice and polite and did everything I needed.
I called for referrals and the girl was very knowledgeable and I really appreciate the help.
He was very professional and nice and satisfied with my conversation with him.
The person that just helped me from customer service was very attentive and educated.
He was excellent and then a different person for a third call and she was also excellent.
Your person customer service agent was very helpful and kind and I enjoyed talking to her and (unclear) very pleasant and I got everything taken care of to my satisfaction.
The gentleman was very polite and was aware of what needed to be done and assured me it'd be taken care of.
Antone answered every question he was more than helpful and he put my nerves at ease and he was very good at what he knew.
Kelly was very helpful on explaining what my questions were and I'm quite satisfied.
They were courteous they were really willing to be helpful but there was some contradictory answers which were straightened out.
My representative was very helpful and I don't have any complaints and she was very helpful and couldn't have helped me more.
The man who helped me John was very patient and very helpful and was able to switch from.
But Ricardo who handled the thing in a very thorough courteous and I have nothing but praises for him.
The people have been very kind and treated me with the utmost respect and helped me every way that I needed.
Everybody seemed very nice and cooperative and also very informative and I had my questions answered.
The people I spoke to were top notch very professional very pleasant and got all the information I needed.
I was able to speak to a very nice receptionist who was very concerned and very respectful and resolved my questions.
The person on the phone was very helpful and I appreciate her kindness and assistance.
I was very pleased with the person that I was connected to and he was very courteous and polite and very knowledgeable as to covering my issue.
The person who assisted me Rosemary was knowledgeable and extremely helpful.
Your agent was very informative and I was very pleased with the information that he gave me.
The gentleman was very polite was very knowledgeable and solved my problem in less than 3 minutes.
Everyone's been kind and courteous and ready to give the information needed.
Nothing the rep was very knowledgeable and helped me.
The person was extremely knowledgeable looked up the information I requested and was absolutely great.
And Rich was very informative on everything I needed.
The representative was very knowledgeable and helped me with my issue that I wanted addressed today.
The agent was very courteous and she explained the situation and the problem is being taken care of.
Tyler was professional and courteous and we appreciated his assistance.
The operator was very courteous very professional and she provided all the information I needed.
My technician was very knowledgeable he was very patient with me and he gave me great information and he made sure that I was all set and I definitely appreciate that in him.
She's still doing some research but she was very understanding and concerned with my concerns.
Franklin was very courteous and he helped me with exactly what I needed.
The person was very polite with her help.
My representative that I spoke to was very knowledgeable polite and took care of everything.
Cody was very helpful and he resolved my problem.
The representative was very courteous and helped me with everything I needed.
It was the service was excellent and Sara was very helpful.
The gentleman I spoke with was very cordial and very kind and I enjoyed the conversation.
He was very courteous and very understanding and compassionate and answered my question very efficiently and rapidly and I was very happy and there's nothing that in my mind that he could've done any differently.
He was quite helpful and he gave me the information that I was seeking.
They were very thorough very friendly and they replied to each request that I made in a very courteous efficient manner.
The agent was professional and cordial and wanted to help me and did and she was pretty concise and I have no complaints at all.
I was very satisfied with the representative that I talked to was very knowledgeable and very courteous.
It was prompt courteous and I got my answers so I'm very satisfied.
He was he got everything done for me and was very polite and we had a nice conversation.
The representative was very nice and gave me all the information I needed.
The operator was really polite and it was nice.
The representative was courteous and friendly and she knew.
The woman that I worked with the customer service or customer representation was fantastic and very helpful and very nice and anyway and answered all my questions.
The gentleman who helped me was very helpful very informative and he was a pleasure all around to speak to and he resolved my issues.
The young man Raymond who helped me was friendly courteous and very helpful.
The representative was polite and just keep up the politeness and the happiness.
Kyle the representative was courteous polite and seemed as helpful as he could be with the exception of the fact that I got no satisfaction.
There was not a thing that could be done better I talked to someone named Kayleigh and she was very helpful and very friendly.
The person I spoke to was very kind and very patient and I was very happy.
Nothing at all it was very courteous and very up to date.
Everything everyone was very helpful and they were able to answer our questions.
The employee was courteous polite did all that I needed and I highly recommend her.
The representative was very informative and gave us really good professional answers.
He was very business like and personable and looked everything up that I needed.
He was very efficient and I got the answer pretty quickly.
He looked up everything and he found out for me about the water therapy so he was very nice and very helpful.
He was very polite and I was really impressed with him.
The agent was very pleasant and helpful and things were taken care of.
Chris was very informative and helped me out quite a bit.
And he was very courteous and explained everything so thoroughly.
He was friendly and I feel very secure that it was resolved.
The agent was very courteous and friendly and fulfilled my request to pay my payment today.
They were very courteous and gave me the information I needed.
Everybody was very accommodating and the service was excellent.
The representative was very friendly and took care of it very quickly for me.
The representative that I finally spoke with (unclear) did her job well and she was respectful and fine and helpful.
Everything was completely to my satisfaction I cannot think of anything better I was forwarded to a representative and promptly and he was extremely courteous and knowledgeable so I was perfectly satisfied.
The representative I just spoke with (unclear) was very courteous and very helpful.
The gentleman I spoke with was extremely courteous very upbeat and very knowledgeable and solved my problem.
The gentleman was very helpful very specific and precise and I understood what he told me and he (unclear) to work with it.
The operator was very successful pleasant and courteous to me while on the phone.
It was what I was hoping to hear as a matter of fact and he was very professional in doing so and very friendly.
Brandon was very kind and he gave me all the information I needed.
It was a very pleasant conversation and all my needs were satisfied.
The person I spoke with was very knowledgeable and polite and she seemed to manage to handle my request and it went well.
He was polite knowledgeable was fine.
The person that I talked to was very efficient friendly and professional and she took care of my concern.
Representative was extremely professional and was taking care of my problem.
Everything was handled properly with professionalism and the agent or the rep was very helpful and polite.
There were no problems everything was fine your spokesperson was knowledgeable and very helpful.
The customer service representative was Oshane from Fort Lauderdale Florida and he was very helpful and polite and we even had a little laugh because my name is hard to present and he made me laugh because he was funny.
Your customer service representative Gabriel is very courteous and very concerned that he was handling everything to my satisfaction and I appreciate his help.
The computer was rather slow but I understand sometimes computers are slow but everything was fine I understand she was very cordial and helpful.
It was an information call and the representatives that I spoke with were very professional very courteous very knowledgeable and addressed my issue straight forward.
They were very courteous and very friendly and all went back to customer service and the lady that helped me in customer service was extremely friendly.
My customer service representative Carly was a 100% efficient pleasant extremely patient and very kind and assisted me with the information that I needed.
They were very courteous and helped me with the information that I need.
He seemed to know what he was doing and he was very nice.
The agent was very helpful and she's going to call me back.
My questions were answered right away and the person I talked to was very pleasant and so that's it.
It was very difficult to understand the person whom I was talking to and it was just very difficult.
