He was fantastic and I thank you very much.
Your representatives are really nice to talk to and very professional and I enjoy talking to them.
The representative was very kind and I thank you.
You guys do terrific you couldn't do any better and the young man I spoke to was very courteous very helpful very kind and I appreciate it.
Everybody was very professional and good at what they do and I thank you.
Everything was done perfectly and Karen the customer service rep was very helpful and most of the reps do go out of their way to be very helpful and I appreciate that very much.
The gentleman was very patient courteous and very informative and everything to help me with my questions and everything else and I hope he has a wonderful I hope the gentleman has a wonderful day.
The person was wonderful helpful patient and I really appreciate it.
Darwin was very nice and very helpful and I certainly appreciate the help that I was given.
And I just wanted to praise them all of the people that I talked to were very courteous and very helpful.
It was very personable and educational and I learned a lot and I thank you very much.
Darren was very customer service oriented and I appreciated his help.
The representative on the phone Anita was extremely courteous kind and very helpful so very pleased with the services.
The representative was extremely kind and patient respectful and I appreciated her help very much.
Everyone that I've ever spoken to at AARP has always been you know very courteous very helpful.
The representative was very nice friendly very helpful knowledgeable and I'm very satisfied with all of his answers that he provided.
I've always been treated very courteously and they're very knowledgeable they're very pleasant and I just appreciate every one of them.
I've always gotten an answer and everybody is always wonderful and knowledgeable and I appreciate that.
it was all excellent everybody was very nice very helpful and I appreciated that so very much.
Absolutely your customer service people are very kind very helpful always answer questions.
Nolan was a wonderful person to talk to and was extremely helpful and courteous.
This gentleman was a delight to talk to and extremely helpful and knowledgeable and I appreciate that.
The representative I believe it was Jennifer was very informative very patient very very well trained.
They were very thorough and detailed and I appreciate your time and effort.
Everything in my phone call with my representative of the company was as I expected it would be very nice very cordial very attentive very intelligent.
Actually everything was perfect I had a very nice representative named Jessie and he was very knowledgeable and helpful and one of the reason why I'm with AARP.
Nothing everything was handled in a very professional manner the young lady was very good and very informative thank you.
The gentleman I spoke with was very nice and helpful and solved my problems so thank you very much.
I was very satisfied with the service that I got and the representative she was so kind and helpful.
the customer agent that helped me was very kind and very professional.
And was very nice and thank you very much.
The person who helped me was very helpful and was very excellent and thank you.
Y'all are extremely helpful and I love being with UHC.
Everybody was courteous and very helpful and I appreciate that.
Your representative was very helpful and I really thank you very much.
They were caring and empathetic this old lady so thank you very much.
The gentleman was very knowledgeable and took his time and looked un information for me and I'm pleased with your service.
The person that helped me was great and very knowledgeable and I've had a wonderful experience.
(Unclear) and each person I conversed with was very helpful very courtesy and very knowledgeable.
I thought everything was great and they're very efficient and thank you very much.
You did very good and you've always helped me and I'm very grateful and your people are very good and very nice to me and I like UHC.
Your representative was a wonderful person and did their job very well.
Your representative named Peter was very informative and did a great job.
I do not believe you could've done much better everybody was very nice very professional and very courteous that's it.
Both lady's I spoke with Becky G and Laura were very professional and very helpful and also I spoke with a Brandon on yesterday and he was very helpful as well.
Everything was very professional and very satisfactory and very polite and I appreciate everything you all do for me thank you.
Everything was wonderful I appreciated the help and the gal was very very helpful thank you so much.
Yes the gentleman I talked to Calum was very helpful very patient and made me feel like a good customer thank you very much.
The service I received today was very good Robert was very inclusive in his answers and very patient and very courteous and I thank you so much and I thank Robert.
Nothing your service was excellent and the lady I talked to was very knowledgeable and she helped me out very much and I thank you very much.
They was perfect and professional and thank you all very much.
Well the young lady that spoke on the phone was very informative very courteous and very lovely.
Very friendly and it was an enjoyable call so thank you very much.
Brian the gentleman that helped me was knowledgeable professional and very kind.
And the representative was very polite and knowledgeable and I was very grateful for that.
I was very well satisfied and I thank you very much.
He's very good very helpful and very attentive to the questions that I like him to help me.
Both of the ladies I spoke with were just absolutely wonderful and very competent so thank you very much.
Oscar the rep was incredibly helpful and just really helpful and he got it don't real quick thank you.
The customer service rep was excellent she was very nice thank you.
Thank you very much and Vivian the rep that I spoke with was extremely polite and very helpful.
Your service is always great your staff is very professional customer service friendly and very good at what they do and I'm very appreciative thank you.
The customer service representative was very nice and very informative and I do appreciate that.
They were both professional very courteous very nice and lovely people and you ought to commend them on that.
I didn't have to wait very long and the person I dealt with was very good very polite and very personable so thank you.
the last 2 ladies that talked to me were very informed very polite very professional.
I had a really great representative very very knowledgeable and had all the information I need and a really great guy to talk to.
The representative Shonda was very helpful and very courteous and I certainly appreciate your help.
So I was very happy and very satisfied so thank you very much bye.
he was very helpful and courteous thank you so much bye.
But other than that he was very kind very generous and helpful and I appreciate it thank you.
I was handled with tremendous respect today and extremely helpful lady at the first part.
Noting at all my service provider professional and very friendly and easy to work with thank you.
Everything was excellent your the people that I spoke to were excellent and very helpful.
(unclear) was very informative and I appreciate that very much.
Well I spoke with William and he was very helpful very knowledgeable and very nice and there is nothing more that I think that he could've done.
It was a very informative call and very helpful to me and I thank you so very much.
I thank you very much and the fellow was very good very courteous and I appreciate it.
The young man that I spoke with was very helpful very (unclear) and I appreciate the service.
It was very helpful and thank you very much.
No today's call the last call I just made a few minutes ago the person was very knowledgeable and very helpful and very courteous.
I think that the both ladies were absolutely excellent very courteous very helpful went way out of their way very polite totally knowledgeable.
But other than that the lady was incredibly courteous very cooperative and very empathetic with my problem.
I was pleased with your service and everybody is very polite and nice.
I am very well pleased thank you very much.
Everything was handled very business like and very friendly and I thank you very much.
So excellent very proud of her and very thankful for her.
The person that helped me was very helpful and considerate and I appreciated it very much.
I spoke with (unclear) and he was very knowledgeable and helpful and did a great job.
The customer service representative was cheerful and well informed and very helpful and resolved our issue and we are very grateful for her and for you guys.
He was very professional very nice and answered completely what I needed to know so thank you.
I spoke to Dave today and he was very helpful very courteous very friendly and I don't have any complaints about him at all.
Morgan the rep that I just spoke with was extremely professional and nice to me.
The person I spoke to was very helpful very knowledgeable and I'm grateful for the assistance.
And he was very knowledgeable and helped me 100 percent thank you.
The agent was very pleasant very nice and I have no criticism at all thank you.
Except everybody is personable and very professional and I really appreciate United Healthcare's help in my situation.
'Cause I believe I we realize you're very busy and I'm very happy and happy with the services and the people that helped me today were quite gracious and very knowledgeable.
Very helpful Mike was very helpful thank you bye.
The representative was very courteous very informative very helpful and I appreciate the help that he provided.
They were wonderful the customer service rep was very nice and well informed she did a wonderful job.
The representative was very helpful and we appreciated everything she did for us.
Very very helpful very helpful everything was done to perfection thank you.
The representative that I spoke to was extremely courteous and thorough I was very satisfied thank you very much I'm very pleased to be a client and recipient of UHC thank you.
Nothing everything was done very well and Armando was very patient and knowledgeable so I thank him very much for helping me.
I spoke to one of your representatives named Cindy and she was more than helpful courteous and did a great job.
He is actually the best representative and most helpful and the most informed that I have spoken with and I thank you for him.
Both John and Francisco were very helpful and I thank you very much.
Your customer service has always been courteous and helpful and I appreciate that.
The last 2 people I have talked to have been extremely courteous very informative very kind and caring and I appreciate it very much.
He was very nice and very understanding and I really appreciate him being so nice to me.
So far since I've joined UHC representatives have been extremely helpful and very very pleasant to talk to.
And the gentleman was very helpful and very nice and I really appreciate your customer service.
They were very pleasant to talk to very informational for what my questions were so they're doing a great job.
Our customer service was very helpful and very nice to talk to.
Everybody was very nice and they solved my problem very good and I thank you so much.
He was very informative he was very kind and very respectful and I appreciated the time that he spent with me.
The representative named Nathan was very professional and helpful and I appreciate that.
Justin did a great job and he's so friendly and so nice.
She's very informative and I thank you.
both representatives that I talked to Mary and Janice were very nice and very patient.
The gentleman was very efficient and very willing to help me God bless him.
Your representatives are always courteous and kind and I really like talking to them.
I cannot suggest anything because the young man Nick was very helpful very courtesy and very friendly and I'm very happy with the information he gave me.
It was handled exactly as I expected and as always it's a pleasure to speak to your reps because they are always knowledgeable and very helpful and courteous.
The representatives were very helpful and I appreciate all their help.
everybody that I work with throughout your company are very good very dependable very helpful people.
The representative was very very helpful and I really appreciate your help and look forward to remaining a member.
The representative was extremely helpful and went above and beyond expectations so he's an asset to your company and I'm very grateful for his help.
There is nothing else you could have done better for me because Val your representative is very very efficient very patient very knowledgeable and really helped me to the fullest.
I just want to make sure you guys know because she's a wonderful worker there and even on the phone she's very polite and respectful and very very professional.
And the person I talked to was very courteous and very kind.
I take their name down today we had Devfhia and she was very helpful and very polite and courteous and whatever.
You're people are very knowledgeable very kind very patient I'm always satisfied and I thank you very much.
They were both very pleasant I really appreciate their assistance thank you.
Your agent Deirdre was very helpful so thank you.
He explained everything and he's very nice and informative man.
The representative was very gracious very professional and it was just a real pleasure to speak with her.
Everything that you have done is very good and very excellent and your operators are wonderful and I thank you.
Actually there was nothing that could've been done better you know he was very helpful very respectful you know was very prompt and courteous and I appreciated his help really a lot.
The representative was courteous helpful knowledgeable and I think did an excellent job.
The sales representative was absolutely excellent and very helpful and I'm very appreciative of her spending this much help.
Your representative was very polite and very efficient and I thank her so much for her excellent service.
Your employee was very courteous and I appreciate that.
Really the person I spoke with today was very helpful very courteous and very kind.
Everything was done very professionally the representative Emily was very helpful very nice and there's really no recommendations everything was just fine thank you bye.
The representative that I spoke with was very courteous kind and caring and (unclear) really patient.
There's nothing better my rep assistant was very helpful and very kind.
He helped me out very much very polite I appreciated his comments very much.
answered all my questions was very nice very patient and very courteous thank you Nicole.
And they always treat me with respect and are always very professional very friendly and always answer all my questions and I thank you very much.
Actually I just want to say that the representative who helped me Lasania was extremely helpful and very pleasant and I was really very happy speaking with her.
No the young man was great very helpful and very concerned and very patient so I was very happy with the services that I received thank you (unclear) appreciate you.
Today especially very helpful very professional and very friendly so it's a pleasure having UHC and teacher retirement as my insurance carrier.
Nope was very satisfied Tom was very helpful thank you very much.
Hi I have always found the staff to be very helpful and knowledgeable and mannered well and all of that stuff.
The person that helped me today was courteous respectable and very well knowledged about her job.
I spoke to a very wonderful person and I'm very happy with what he told me.
The gentleman that I talked to was very informative very patient very kind.
The agent I dealt with was very professional and kind and did a wonderful job.
Everything was handled perfectly by a lady who was very polite very helpful and very informative and I would highly recommend this to everyone I know.
I am very pleased with the service the young lady was very courteous and very helpful thank you.
Everyone's been very helpful and I thank you very much.
Very polite and very helpful so I think that you did everything just right.
So very happy and thank you.
The young man that just handled the I'm sorry the young lady Carlinda that just handled our account was very courteous and disciplined and very helpful and patient.
I mean we are everybody we speak to there are very courteous really polite and really knowledgeable.
I really appreciated the agent's kindness and courtesy and she was very professional and very helpful.
Ian was very helpful and did a wonderful job.
customer service staff and that is very informative and very pleasant and I have no negatives.
People have been very helpful you should be very proud of your employees thank you.
Yes the service today was very professional and very well done and very efficient and I got all my issues addressed and I appreciate it very much.
Yes nothing the representative was very informative very friendly it was perfect thanks bye.
The representative that I talked to was very nice very helpful and I thank you.
Thank you and Erica like I say was really good and very (unclear) and very helpful.
The young man was very helpful very knowledgeable and I appreciate the time.
It was all very nice very good worker and I appreciated all the information.
Everyone that helped me was very professional and very kind and I appreciate that.
David was very helpful and very thorough and I appreciated his help.
I thought the service was very good the gentleman I spoke to Edward was very kind and very helpful and I'm extremely satisfied with the service and with the courtesy of the gentleman that helped me.
Very courteous and patient and I appreciate his taking time for me.
Well you were very kind and very helpful and I don't think you could've done anything better.
Nice music the gentleman was very polite and I thank you.
So I thank you very much for being so kind and considerate to the elderly.
The gentleman that I talked to was just thorough informative and courteous and professional and thank you very much.
Everyone is the Tony the representative I spoke with was very professional and very kind.
It was very helpful and I thank you very much.
Your representative was friendly courteous and very knowledgeable so we appreciate the help and thank you for the experience.
Everything was done very well and I appreciated the person who helped me was very thorough and kind.
nothing else to say but she was very kind and very courteous thank you very much bye.
You're a wonderful company and we're very happy with you and Ivan was very very helpful.
Patrick was a excellent information giver and I really appreciated his.
Because they were very nice and very courteous and I appreciate talking with him.
He was very courteous and very informative and I thank him for everything that he did to make me feel at ease today.
Yes Alex the representative was very attentive and very caring and I enjoyed his input into my situation.
Your representative was extremely nice very helpful and I had no problems with him whatsoever.
The representative who's name was Haley was very professional very helpful very understanding.
(Unclear) was handled very professionally and very friendly and very informative so there was nothing that I would suggest you change.
I'm very satisfied with it and the young man that helped me today was very helpful and nice.
The service representative Ruby was very efficient and very helpful and very understanding I give her a very high rating.
It was most helpful and cordial and a nice lady assisted me.
He was courteous very nice and I thank you much.
This was my first call so I was pleased and woman that I spoke to was very professional and I thank you very much.
They were very very cordial to me and very nice helped me a lot.
Everything was fine the people were very helpful and courteous and I and it was actually a very positive experience.
I want you to know your customer service rep was very nice and very efficient.
Your customer service representative I think her name was Mary she was very polite very knowledgeable very customer service oriented.
Your assistant was done very excellent and professional and I thank you.
They provide excellent customer service and they listen actively to what the customer is calling for and they are very professional and courteous.
I talked to Charles and he was absolutely wonderful and very delightful.
Eddie he was the representative that spoke with me was very knowledgeable very nice and polite and he took care of everything for me and did a great job.
I overall really appreciated everyone's help and everyone was very courteous and professional.
Jesse was extremely helpful and very professional and I only have good things to say thank you.
It was a little slow getting up the system but representative was very very helpful and very patient (unclear) thank you very much bye.
(Unclear) I appreciated everything they did for me and everybody was very nice and thoughtful and easy to talk to.
I was completely satisfied with my inquiry Paula was very easy to deal with friendly and helpful thank you.
I'm not really aware of anything that I could've asked anything differently the gentleman that I talked to was very polite and very informative so I was very satisfied thank you.
It was resolved and my representative was very tenacious and thank you.
Nothing at this point your representative was very helpful very knowledgeable and I appreciate his help.
I appreciate the help they were very knowledgeable and helpful.
We I had a very good experience today the gentleman that helped me was very professional and very courteous.
understanding and beautiful I understood everything and everybody was courteous so I was very pleased thank you.
My associate was excellent and helped a lot and I'm very pleased with you service.
Your people were very courteous and thank you.
My representative was very well and I liked her very much.
Actually everything went very smoothly and the people were very courteous and polite and I thank you.
The representative did a very nice job and he was very personable and pleasant thank you.
You did a fine job the young lady that talked to me was very lively and very enjoyable to talk to.
couldn't ask for anybody that was more helpful and more understanding and more patient than she was and I appreciate her very much.
But he was really helpful and thank you all so much.
But the gentleman I talked to was very nice and very helpful so thank you.
The information was (unclear) and very polite and very helpful and I'm pleased with the service.
I am a senior citizen and Marcus spoke very clearly and slowly and helped me and was very kind and he was very patient and had excellent telephone manners for the older person and the oldies like myself we really appreciate when the younger ones take their time with us and to help us with questions.
Very nice people (unclear) Tim was very polite and I appreciated that.
The gentleman Michael that I had spoken with was very helpful very courteous very professional.
Daniel did an excellent job explaining everything to me and was very patient and very kind.
The representative was good and I'm very happy with that thank you.
Absolutely nothing Rachel was incredible and attentive friendly just an excellent representative of your company.
Everybody is so courteous and so polite and everything and I thank you so much for that.
The representative I spoke to was totally awesome helpful very polite and you've got a good employee there.
Your representative was very helpful very kind to me and very fine personality we got along well and that made it that much easier for me to having to make this call.
Y'all have been very courteous and I appreciate it as a 70 year old woman.
The agent that took care of me was very polite very knowledgeable an so I'm well pleased with the service that I received today.
The people I speak to at your organization are very wonderful and very helpful.
My the customer service representative was very helpful and I am so very grateful.
(Unclear) Kyle was very respectful and I appreciate my insurance for being so truthful with me.
were answered and Carrie the representative was very nice very informative and was very pleasant to talk to.
Very courteous very professional and also took a minute to say how are you doing and it just was a very nice conversation and a very good transaction.
Well today everyone that I talked to was very courteous and very knowledgeable.
The customer service agent did a great job and I'm very happy and very pleased.
Everything was handled perfectly and they were very he was very courtesy and I appreciate it very much.
Knowledgeable he was helpful he was very good and I thank you very much.
She's really very good and knowledgeable and very good with the customers and hopefully Devon will get some acknowledgement for a job well done.
The representative I spoke with was very kind considerate helpful and courteous towards me.
Well I was disappointed that I have no eye glass coverage but my representative was delightful and very informative and very sweet and helpful thank you.
(Unclear) was my advisor right now and I had a wonderful time and he was so courteous and very much a gentleman and I really appreciate.
Very nice person and thank you.
The representative was wonderful and very easy to understand and she helped me very much.
But certainly the person I spoke to was very friendly and very willing to help me.
Thank you so much and she was very very helpful.
There is nothing anything that could've been done any better Ashley was very great and very informative for me and she was very helpful thank you.
Oh as usual everything was fine the people I spoke to were very helpful and very nice.
But he was very courteous and I appreciated his help thank you good bye.
But you know speaking to the representative she was very helpful and nice and I appreciate it.
Each time I call the people are so courteous and so nice and so caring.
My representative was very knowledgeable and very helpful and I thank you so much.
I don't think there was anything the lady was very polite and very helpful thank you.
I had a very courteous and friendly person helping me names Megan and.
The person that helped me was really courteous helpful informative and very patient.
I had very good information and everyone was very kind and nice and I thank you all.
We really appreciate and the person was very polite courteous and helpful.
Thank you and your representative was extremely nice and polite and she tried.
The man was patient and terrific and very knowledgeable and I appreciate all that he's done for me.
The representative was very pleasant and patient had a lot of patience so that is a good thing thank you.
It was accurate and extremely pleasant and informational and so I appreciate it very very much and so thank you.
The person I spoke to was very good very knowledgeable and very polite and she did a very good job.
Everybody's been so courteous professional and very helpful I truly appreciate them all.
So thank you very much Justin is his name and he's very sweet and kind and patient.
The teller was very courteous and I appreciate that very much.
And you're very friendly and courteous and great with people who aren't exactly in the computer world and I really appreciate this.
You're service representatives were professional understanding empathetic and you should be very proud of them.
And I am very glad and very grateful for her help today.
I don't think so your agent or girl that took care of me was very helpful and very careful and pleasant.
I don't know of anything you could've done better but the person I spoke with Dana was very knowledgeable and very nice and very complete with her answers.
Marti was very very helpful and want to thank you so much.
You've been very helpful and I really appreciate your service.
No the operator Cynthia was very knowledgeable she helped me very much.
I have an absolutely wonderful representative was very helpful and very polite thank you.
It's always good service with your company and Brian who I just spoke to was very pleasant upbeat and it showed in his voice very helpful.
(Unclear) worker named (unclear) was the most pleasant and helpful and patient and very clear to understand person I've ever encountered on the phone with UHC.
The person that I spoke to was most pleasant knowledgeable and very helpful thank you.
He was very respectful very nice and I really appreciate his help.
I really appreciate that and the fellah who helped me was very pleasant and very knowledgeable.
Everything was perfect and my sales representative was excellent very well trained in what she does thank you.
Everything was fine Christian was very helpful Joshua H was very helpful Donna was very helpful.
Courtney is extremely helpful and courteous all the way through everything is great thank you.
I spoke with Michelle she was very helpful and very professional and I appreciate you thank you.
Representative was awesome and very effective and no improvement needed she provided me with excellent service.
Oh you did very well the man was real polite and real nice guy (unclear) very satisfied.
This was a very fine conversation and the young lady was extremely helpful and courteous thank you very much.
I was very satisfied and the people I talked to today have been very helpful and very polite.
Your agent was very good and he was very helpful and thank you.
Your representative was very kind very helpful and I really appreciated it.
Everything was quick on the call today and yesterday also I appreciate the friendly courteous and very professional and very good customer service people.
The representative his name is Nick was very personable and helpful and I appreciate that you have good employees.
It was my customer service reps were very helpful and nice.
The gentleman that I spoke with was very helpful very kind very patient.
Nothing the representative Laura was very patient very informative she is an asset to your company there very nice pleasant knowledgeable there's not many.
I spoke to Chris he is very courteous and informative.
