She was very helpful and friendly and nice and everything got resolved.
The lady was very very well mannered and she handled it with the utmost respect.
She was very very helpful and she was constantly with me and did her job great.
I had talked to Ginger and she was a very good very professional customer service rep and I was very pleased with her.
She was very helpful and I thank her.
Diana was very good very nice and yeah knew what she was talking about helping me out extremely well.
I think she was very professional and very helpful and very kind and took time to explain everything where as others that I have talked with have not.
The girl that helped me tremendously she was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
And the lady that helped me was very very efficient and very nice.
But she was very thorough and very kind and just would like to have somebody like that every time I call anywhere.
And she was extremely helpful and is still trying to help me solve this situation.
She done a very good job in waiting on me and she was very professional and I appreciate it very much.
My person I talked (unclear) she was very helpful and very nice and polite.
the representative was courteous and friendly and cheerful and I really liked her a lot.
She was helpful and professional and kind and I thank you very much.
She was extremely pleasant I enjoyed that she did help me perfectly.
Jackie was very helpful and I appreciated her help.
She was very helpful and excellent thank you.
The lady was very nice and very helpful explaining everything to me.
The lady that I talked to was very nice and friendly and sweet and thank you all and have a great day.
The lady I spoke to she was polite very nice kind and I didn't mind talking to her.
Lala was very nice and courteous and she resolved my problem and I surely appreciate it.
You did a great job and Nicole was very nice and friendly and helpful.
She was very knowledgeable and I appreciate her hard work.
Anyway she was traveling and was very attentive very courteous and just a joy to work with.
Elizabeth was very very helpful and she was very friendly and whenever I've called Optum care I've had really good service and I appreciate it.
She was very attentive very informative and was very patient with me and I think she me my needs very well.
(Unclear) the young lady that took care of me was very nice and she was polite and it was fine.
I spoke with Kimmie and she was a wonderful representative.
The lady that I talked to was very informative and very nice to talk to and she did a great job.
She was so very helpful and I sure appreciate it.
Yes Erica was very helpful and I greatly appreciate it.
She was so very very helpful and informative and I really appreciated her and I appreciate y'all have her working for you.
The young lady was very knowledgeable and helped us immensely and she was so kind and sweet and we appreciate it.
The lady was extremely nice and handled everything and I appreciate that very much.
She is knowledgeable and assisted me in fantastic way thank you.
And like I say she was real cordial and friendly and nice and everything and she helped me out a lot.
The young lady Angela was absolutely wonderful and I really appreciated her help.
I spoke with Tila she was very kind and generous with her time and very helpful.
Ashley was really really kind very polite and she helped me 1000%.
She was knowledgeable and patient and had great customer skills.
The lady's name was Toni and she helped me exactly what I needed and she was very helpful and very friendly and I really think that she did a great job and thank you.
The little gal in the customer service representative area did a very good job and she sounded so sweet and kind and to me she's a very good asset to your company and I thank you.
Tia was very kind and helpful and informative and I appreciate the kindness and I've enjoyed talking and got answers I needed and thank you kindly.
And the little girl that helped me was very knowledgeable and did an excellent job.
And I'm very thankful and I appreciate her diligence and the fact that she was very knowledgeable about her job.
The young lady was very nice and I thank her for it.
The Erica was very helpful and I appreciated her help in this matter.
Rebecca was (unclear) she is outstanding young lady very (unclear) great people skills a very nice young lady.
She was a wonderful representative and I appreciate all her help.
She was quick sharp and to the point and very courteous to a singer myself and very clear spoken which is so important and I couldn't be more satisfied.
I mean Sasha was absolutely unbelievably patient helpful hard working and she was great.
Everything was just nice and the lady who attended me was extremely extremely good kind and nice.
The lady that helped me was very helpful and I appreciate her very much.
She handled herself very conservative very helpful and very patient with me and I appreciate her help very much.
They're so caring and Katie especially what a wonderful person.
The lady I talked to was very nice and very helpful.
I spoke with Angel she was very nice very informative and I have no complaints.
The agent that I worked with was fantastic and she was she explained things very cogently and she just was a seemed like a really nice person.
Jasmine was very helpful and very knowledgeable and I am totally satisfied with the problem that I had that has been solved.
I talked with Daya and she was fabulous with her information and very patient with me and a tremendous personality and I thank her very much.
I'll tell you I talked with a Sharon today and she is very lovely and pleasant and an patient.
She knows her job very well and I am very satisfied with her attitude also.
I talked with a lady named Karen and she was just so helpful and sweet.
She was very patient very thorough and very helpful and I want to say thanks to Janice.
she was very patient and kind and considerate and I thought she was awesome and I think you're lucky to have her.
I spoke with Michelle and she was wonderful and helpful.
Marsha was very helpful and knowledgeable with what I needed to know and I'm totally satisfied.
The representative was very friendly and give her a raise because she did a great job.
She was just a pleasure to talk to and she was very professional and very much appreciated so thank you very much.
It was she's very professional very kind friendly courteous and she really took my concerns as her own and so I don't see anything that could've been improved.
She was very kind she listened she was knowledgeable and very helpful.
She was professional she was very well informed very patient what can I say she was wonderful.
I was helped by the young lady nicely professionally and very friendly thank you.
I had a nice little girl that helped me very much and very nice.
And she was very professional gracious very informative and I need you to know that she's a assist to your company.
She was very helpful and I appreciate your service.
But Tasha explained it to me which I think she was very nice very sweet about it.
the lady was tremendous she was very helpful very happy person.
She as professional (unclear) and very helpful and she should be commended thank you very much.
She was patient and knowledgeable and also cooperative so that's good customer service you have there thank you.
You know she was a true professional and I really appreciated her assistance.
The lady that I spoke to was very helpful and very courteous and she could've have been any nicer.
Brenda was courteous and very helpful thank you bye.
But I appreciated Ashley's help and she was very courteous and very informative and I thank her for it bye.
Nothing actually she was extremely helpful and she really looked into the matter for me so I am very satisfied.
The agent was excellent she was very patient with me and very enjoyable to talk to thank you.
The lady I talked to was really nice and I thank you all for being so nice.
The girl I talked to had a very nice voice and she was very courteous.
You were very Susan was very helpful to me today and I appreciate it very much.
Jenny was very professional and informative everything was a A+ thank you.
I don't know everything was just so helpful and she was very helpful and informative and I appreciate that.
Danielle was wonderful and I appreciated her help.
But the young lady that answered the telephone she was very nice and very professional thank you.
She was very nice and she helped me so much.
Rashida was very nice and everything as explained and updated real well and I appreciate her concern and her helpfulness.
Because the young lady was very helpful to me and very courtesy to me.
But I think she did a really good job and she was very nice and (unclear) and (unclear) recommend her.
And the representative I spoke to Michelle was absolutely wonderful and very informative.
She was very compassionate she was very understanding she was very thorough.
The lady that helped me was very professional and I really appreciated her information and her kindness and she's really a good one.
She was very professional and I do appreciate the time I spent with her.
She was very skilled and I appreciate it.
The young lady on the phone was very nice very cordial and helped me a lot and I appreciate that.
She has a beautiful personality and I enjoyed talking with her very much.
But she was very helpful did a great job and thank you.
She was very kind very caring and very professional so I'm completely satisfied with the call I had with her concerning something that was a great concern to me it's being resolved so I appreciate the help.
The lady that worked with me was very courteous and very helpful and I appreciate that.
The great young lady that helped me was very helpful and I thank you very much.
She was polite she was efficient and I'm very thankful that I got her.
Theresa was extremely helpful courteous and very professional and I just don't think anything could have been handled better than she handled it today.
Everything was okay and the lady was real nice and polite and I appreciate that.
The lady was very nice and very helpful and I appreciate the help.
The lady that helped me was very good very helpful and I would give her an A plus.
Marsha was very kind and very helpful and I appreciate her and I give her a very high score on customer service.
She explained it very clearly and very detailed and for us old people that means a lot so she was excellent.
She was very helpful and knowledgeable and I appreciate that very much.
She was very helpful and very understanding and she couldn't have done any better.
The person that I talked to was very very helpful and very kind and I appreciated her service and I think she did everything she could for me.
The woman who helped me was very helpful and she did her best and did a great job.
Jennifer was very knowledgeable and very nice and you guys continue to do a great job for us.
'Cause she had pleasant speaking friendly very helpful and super nice so I can't complain.
The lady helping me was very helpful and I appreciate her help.
Brittany was pleasant very pleasant and patient with me and I appreciate that thank you.
She is a very fine lady I wanna thank you very much.
The representative that helped me was polite patient and she was very informative about the question that I had to ask in regarding to my benefits she was very nice her tone was very polite and she's an all around a good customer service person.
Alisha was so kind and I really appreciated her concerns.
Everything the girl was very helpful it was very nice and they've always been helpful.
She was very knowledgeable and I enjoy having her explain everything to me.
She was very helpful very friendly and I say thank you.
She was patient and I appreciate her so much because I was really stressing.
She was very courteous kind and helped me.
She was very kind and very understanding and understood my problem and is taking care of it and I do appreciate it.
And Megan was very helpful wonderful lady so I was very satisfied with my conversation and my involvement with UHC representative.
The lady I spoke to Barbara was very helpful and very informative.
She was very friendly and I sincerely appreciate all her help.
She was very nice I really appreciated her.
She was very courteous and helpful and I thank you and applaud you for employing folks like that who can really talk to and be able to feel comfortable talking to.
My agent I'll call her Eliza was very helpful she was friendly she was very calming and she's truly an asset to you.
She was very helpful and it was a pleasure to have her serve me.
My representative Joss was very nice and I appreciate her help she was very helpful and very kind.
Patty helped me and Patty was extremely knowledgeable polite and very helpful.
She was delightful and I spoke with Julia before her and Julia was very professional and personable.
She was absolutely incredible and I thank her so much.
I was very pleased with Courtney and she was very professional and very nice and I appreciate her help.
She was a wonderful person thank you.
Well the lady who assist me was very professional and she really helped me.
Erica was very helpful and knowledgeable and very nice to talk to as well.
The girl was extremely nice and I appreciate all that she did for me.
Everything went very smooth she was very nice enjoyed talking with her very nice lady.
The young lady was very professional and cheerful and I truly enjoyed speaking with her.
And the girl that I spoke to was very very pleasant and very knowledgeable.
She very well informed and she was a great help.
She was very helpful so thank you.
The lady I talked to was very nice considerate and polite.
She was delightful all of your representatives that I've talked to over the year has always been delightful friendly kind patient wonderful just wonderful.
She was very appreciative and I hope she get a raise.
She was so helpful and I really do appreciate her.
The lady was wonderful helpful and (unclear) to you and (unclear) to me.
She was very cooperative very helpful and I really appreciate it.
Very nice gal that I talked to Elizabeth and she was very helpful and I appreciated her kindness.
The lady that I spoke with was very pleasant and very helpful and I appreciate her help.
She was terrific and I appreciate the assistance I received.
She was polite cooperative and extremely professional and she deserves a lot of credit and so does all of your staff.
the lady was very helpful and I just appreciated her.
She was very pleasant and very through and really helped me.
She was very courteous very nice and I appreciate it.
And the lady was very helpful and I appreciate it.
Everything was wonderful and nice and her name was Samantha and she was real helpful and nice.
But the lady that helped me was very kind and very helpful and very patient and I really appreciated it.
After that the lady was wonderful and she give me wonderful help.
So she was very very helpful and sounds to me like she's a wonderful employee.
She was very courteous and very kind and we thank you for United Healthcare.
Courtney was extremely helpful and professional and she took care of my issue.
You're representative was absolutely fabulous and helpful and knowledgeable and charming and just did does her job exceptionally well.
And Melody was a very nice person and she really helped me.
She was very informative very professional and I feel so blessed to have called UHC.
She was kind and very sweet thank you.
Not a thing the girl I talked to today was very helpful and very efficient about it and I appreciate it.
So the young woman was very helpful to me and I appreciate it.
She took care of my situation just you know she was very efficient very friendly and very helpful.
She is very friendly and helpful and you know with some work I was able to understand her.
She was very excellent and as always we are very pleased with the service that we receive.
Everyone that I talk to is very helpful and especially Kemesha she was very helpful.
Jennifer was just absolutely wonderful and thank you again.
The young woman that helped me was very helpful and I was very satisfied.
She was awesome and she was a pleasure thank you so much.
her demeanor was courteous and kind and informative and you should pat her on the back because she's doing an excellent job with your customers.
The girl I spoke to last was very good and courteous and very good so there's nothing else that you could've possibly done for me at the time.
I just talked to the gal and she was very polite and very nice.
Asia was wonderfully cordial and helpful and she gave me such good information and I appreciate having someone like that to talk to and make things so clear.
Actually Florence was very very helpful and I appreciate her.
She is very personable and very professional and I think she's done the best job she can do.
She was very polite and she did a great job.
the young lady that I talk to was very nice and very sweet and laughed with me a little bit and that's all I could ask.
Absolutely nothing she was wonderful she was friendly she was knowledgeable and she was efficient and I have nothing but great things to say about her.
She was very professional very accurate very helpful and did it in a very timely manner so thank you very much.
Nothing the young lady Ashley was wonderful and she made a otherwise rough day very very good thank you.
I just spoke to a lady named Rosemary and she was phenomenal she had a wonderful attitude and she was very helpful thank you.
The lady was very good she was very gracious and she did everything.
I believe that she was very informative friendly nice.
The lady was very courteous very respectful and she got everything taken care of for me.
It was a lady named Joyce that helped me and she was very good at her job very good.
she had a good personality and I appreciate that.
The person that helped me was named Carol and she was absolutely wonderful and very thorough.
It was fast and courteous and Cheryl was really nice and I appreciate it.
Roxanne was very professional and she handled her job with respect and I give her the highest score that she's allowed.
Amira was my helper today and she was very helpful and very nice thank you so much bye.
Jenny answered my call and she was courteous effective and efficient so thank you very much.
She was friendly and helpful and just made me have a nice sunny day and I hope she does too.
She's the one that helped me and she was friendly and very nice and courteous and so I liked her very much.
She was very personable and I thank you.
My second lady called Crystal to help me today and she was very nice and helpful and very patient.
The girl was lovely polite very professional and I appreciate it.
Because the lady was super nice and she was excellent with me and I thank Brittany a lot and thank you guys.
I thought the lady was very helpful very knowledgeable and was very personable on the phone.
There wasn't anything different that the representative I didn't quite get her name but she was very kind very helpful and was a very pleasant representative for me.
The lady that I talked to Alyssa was very informative very helpful and very pleasant and couldn't be any better.
Anisha was extremely patient and very helpful and (unclear) really appreciate all her help and thank you very much.
She was very professional caring informative and positive in every way and I want to thank you very much for having her as an employee.
I had a great experience with Tasha and I was very very pleased and thank you.
Everybody is so nice and this little girl was so nice and helped me and I really appreciate it.
She was very very pleasant and I really enjoyed talking to her and I think she should be commended.
She was assertive and she served me well very well and I appreciate her.
I talked to a lady by the name of Sarah and she was very pleasant and I'm very happy with service.
She was very kind and I appreciate everything she did for me.
I spoke with Ms Emily and she was very helpful and very nice.
She done me good and talked to me real nice and I talked back to her real nice and I really liked the girl.
And the lady that I talked to was very nice and very helpful.
Terrine did a marvelous job and very personable very professional and resolved my situation immediately.
She was terrific and I appreciate UHC very much.
The young lady that I spoke to was very courteous and very sweet and very informative for me.
I appreciate the help and the young lady Danielle was very knowledgeable and helped me tremendously.
Lady named Kathy was very helpful and informative and I appreciate her patience and information.
I spoke with Laura today and she was very knowledgeable very kind very polite very respectful.
So she was very helpful and I thank you for it.
The gal that I spoke to was very helpful very professional and I just hope they're all like her.
the person I spoke with was very nice and friendly and checked on things and she was just great.
As the young woman that helped me was extremely efficient very polite and I am totally happy with the service I got.
Amber was very professional and I enjoyed talking to her.
The young lady I spoke to was very nice and very informative.
And I just think that she was very soothing and wonderful.
You've been courteous and helpful and I have no complaints.
She was very courteous very helpful thank you.
She was nice and courteous I enjoyed working with y'all.
My English not good my but she very patient and she very good.
She was very polite and I thank you very much.
She was very patient very kind and I really did have a good experience talking to my representative.
The lady was very nice and she helped me and I appreciate what she did.
She was very sweet and helpful and I thank you.
The lady that helped me was professional kind caring and extremely polite and it's all good to go.
But she was a very good person and I thank you for having her onboard and she spoke very good English.
The young lady I spoke to was extremely polite very knowledgeable fun to talk to.
She was a very nice lady and I thank them for nice-.
I spoke with someone named Jessie who apparently is down in the Philippines and she is she was extremely helpful and sweet and it was a very good experience.
Lana was very professional very thorough and I was I am always pleased with the customer service I get from UHC.
That lady was very nice very helpful and I sure do appreciate it.
And Latisha was very kind to me and I'm very appreciative of her and she put a smile on my face and she lifted my heart a little bit.
I was very pleased the lady was very nice and took care of my problem.
Both women were very nice and I appreciate UHC.
She was a very professional person and I thank her for answering my questions.
I think the person that I talked to was wonderful and she did a very good job and I am very satisfied with her.
She was real good and real polite and very courteous and she got the problem fixed I do believe.
I was just very pleased on all levels and the young lady that took care of me was more than gracious and very helpful and polite.
The lady I talked to was very nice and very pleasant to talk with.
I was pleased with everything the woman was very nice and very pleasant to talk with and she went out of her way.
She was extremely helpful very upbeat friendly and I wouldn't change a thing.
So I'm very grateful for her service and she's very professional and very cheerful so it made my day.
She was very polite very respectful and very knowledgeable and we really appreciate the excellent service we received from UHC with the help of Ieesha today.
So the lady I talked to was very kind very polite very sweet and very helpful thank you.
Her name is Lacey and she was very cooperative and friendly and very helpful and it has completed what I was interested in.
She was very knowledgeable and she was very personable and I appreciate that so I would give her 100 stars in your 10 point survey.
The customer service lady that I had was Valentina and she was awesome and very concerned and very courteous and very professional.
She gave me great information and I'm very very thankful for her.
She was great and she was very attentive and she helped me and she made my day.
Everything was done great and she had a nice personality so I appreciate that.
Everything is done very well and Brenda is wonderful courteous passionate professional and I appreciate the help that she gave me.
The young lady did a very nice job and I appreciate it.
The woman I spoke to she was great and courteous and she helped me out a lot so there is nothing.
Patricia was a very intelligent and knowledgeable person as to my needs.
She was superb and I appreciate her help very much.
I my experience with the lady that I talked to was very pleasant and there wasn't anything that I mean she was very good and gave me my answers I so I'm I wish what I wanted was being paid for but it's not and I understand that so but as far as my situation or my conversation with the representative she was very good and very helpful and very sweet and very kind and very thoughtful so you have a great day and thank you bye.
The young lady I spoke to was very helpful and informative and I have been a member for many years and impressed by your customer service.
The lady that I had was very nice and very professional and she helped me in a very big way.
She couldn't have done anything better than she did she was very helpful very polite and very caring.
But I think that she was very pleasant very nice and I appreciated her.
The woman was very courteous and helpful so thank you for your assistance.
she was very helpful very informed and she did a great job.
She was very polite and she did what she had to do thank you.
But all in all she was extremely pleasant and very informative and I thank you very much and have a great weekend.
But this lady I just got through talking to was very helpful and very nice.
I was very pleased with her she was professional and I appreciated her assistance.
She was a wonderful person and so happy and delightful to talk to.
She's very good and I think she should be commended for her good service and her wonderful outlook.
The girl was very nice and she explained it to me so I know where I stand now so that's all I have to really say but she was very nice she was very nice and very courteous and everything so I appreciate that.
she was just so kind and I appreciated it so much.
Vivian was very complete and polite with her answers so I'm very satisfied.
She was very good at what she did and treated me with great concern and respect.
Venicia is very helpful and I really appreciated her taking time with me.
The woman I talked to was very helpful friendly courteous kind all that girl scout stuff.
You did a great job the young lady was informative and courteous and she was very very helpful thank you.
Nothing could've been better she was nice and helpful and thoughtful and I couldn't say enough nice things that's all.
The young woman I spoke with was extraordinary she was just a perfect representative for you and she helped me tremendously and with tremendous kindness and patience and understanding.
I don't know except Dedre was very nice and helpful to me and she was very kind and I wanna thank her.
She's very outgoing and she just really cares about people so y'all are very blessed to have her.
She was very considerate and very polite and I just put a wanna put in a good word for her.
The lady that I talked with Alexis was extremely knowledgeable and very courteous.
She was very kind and nice but it was hard for me to understand her otherwise it was a great experience and I thank you.
She was just wonderful and I appreciate her very much.
she was very kind very understanding and took care of me very well.
Elisa was very informative very personable and I enjoyed speaking with her.
She was very helpful and excellent at her job.
The lady who helped me was extremely gracious and she helped me with everything.
And I would just mention the representatives names Eboody who helped me today and she was not only very knowledgeable but she was also very friendly I enjoyed my conversation.
I want you to know that Sonya was so personable and so nice.
And Trina was the lady who helped me and she was very thorough and friendly and efficient.
The lady was very knowledgeable and she was very kind and very helpful so I appreciated everything she did for me.
I'm very pleased and I really appreciated her help.
Robin was excellent in her service and courtesy and respect.
Everything was did just perfect and the young lady who wait on me she was very nice and respectful and considerate and she took care of what I needed taken care of and she was very very good and I really appreciate her and you all.
She done a very good job she was very friendly and cooperating thank you bye.
Loretta was very helpful and I appreciate her help.
I was very pleased with the lady I talked from the United and she was very polite and very nice and she handled it quite well so I have nothing to complain about thank you.
The lady that helped me was very polite and I appreciate it very much.
You've always been very helpful with anything I've asked thank you.
She was very courteous and kind and she helped me immensely and I appreciate speaking with her.
She was very pleasant and so helpful and I appreciated her service.
She was so kind and calm and she made everything feel very easy and she was great.
She was exceptional and kudos to United Health for hiring such a wonderful qualified person.
I think she was very professional and the lady I had prior to her was very professional.
The lady was very helpful and I appreciate that.
The lady was courteous well informed and I was very pleased and I would always recommend this company to anyone.
No I spoke to Ivory and she was most helpful and pleasant and courteous everything was good thank you very much bye bye.
She was exceptionally good at her job and I would like to thank her very much.
Well the gal was very nice and knowledgeable so I have no complaints.
But she was very helpful very courteous and just she was she was great so don't mark her off for this.
She did a fine job and I was very appreciative of all of her help.
She was an excellent provider and I truly appreciate that.
She was very helpful I really appreciate it.
She was pleasant and I am thankful for that.
I had Janae as my representative for the healthcare and she was very helpful and informative.
My customer service lady Julius was wonderful and very informative.
The lady was very informative and I'm very satisfied thank you.
I don't know that anything could've been done better I spoke with a lovely lady named Katie who is very joyful and very courteous.
Jackie was very nice and I enjoyed working with her.
The girl that I talked to Tanya she was very very nice and very helpful.
She was very informative and quick with her response and so I really appreciate her.
She was very helpful to me and I appreciated the time that she took.
I was very happy and the lady was very nice and very patient with me.
The call was wonderful and the woman I spoke to (unclear) was wonderful and very caring.
The representative that I talked to was very helpful and I could understand her good and she was very nice and polite.
She was is very good at what she does was very pleasant I was very happy with her and very happy with the service.
Very personable and I appreciated all her help.
But she was very courteous and I appreciate that.
She was very personable and knowledgeable and I enjoyed talking to her.
She was respectful she listened she was very helpful and she made everything simple and easy.
The young lady that I spoke to was actually very good and very knowledgeable of about her subject.
She was just very helpful and very encouraging for my situation and I really appreciate that.
She was very professional and did an excellent job.
The lady was very informative and I appreciated her help.
The lady that I spoke with seemed to be knowledgeable and kind and explained herself well.
She was very helpful and I appreciate it.
I appreciate her very much and she was unbelievably wonderful.
And the lady I spoke to Lasanya was absolutely so helpful and very kind.
Nicole helped me and she was very knowledgeable and very very nice lady.
The lady I spoke with was absolutely a pleasure to speak with so very helpful and friendly.
Donna was the lady that helped me and was very professional and knew what she was doing and very intelligent.
Her professionalism her empathy and my bad attitude and with me not feeling well she was still very patient she was still very empathetic and kind with me.
I think everything was done really well the young lady that helped me was really nice and very respectful and very helpful so I have no.
But the lady was very helpful and I do appreciate that.
Ann Marie was very patient and loyal and I was very comfortable with her helping me resolve my question of my.
Her name is Susan and she was wonderful very helpful and I'm very satisfied.
Her name is Yesi that was so extremely thoughtful caring and helpful to this old fellow and I deeply appreciated her help.
She was courteous and friendly and loved her job which was obvious so she did well.
She was very nice and courteous to me and she solved my problem and I just think that's great.
This is the second time I've talked to Valencia and she is quite professional in her job and is quite polite and understanding.
She was very easy to talk to and it was a very nice person.
The young lady was so helpful and pleasant and really made me feel like she was enjoying her job and I have no.
She was very nice and the guy I talked to before her he was very nice.
But the girl the young girl Bree was fantastic and very kind and very gentle with older people which I am.
I was talking to the lady (unclear) and she have been very helpful and very kind and as well number ten.
She understood better than I did myself and was informative polite and very understanding and infinitely patient.
The young lady was very courteous and helpful so I really was pleased with my service from customer service.
The representative that I spoke to was an amazingly beautiful in spirit and very bright young lady.
I talked to a lady named Cassandra and she was very helpful very nice and I appreciate that so much.
I think she was very helpful very timed and she did a great job.
Miss Monicia she was my service person and she was very informative and very helpful and I thank you very much.
She's a very nice lady and very knowledgeable and I got to be thankful for that.
The lady was very gracious and helped me and a pleasant lady to talk to and I just really appreciate the help.
The girl was very tried to be very helpful and I believe that she did her very best.
She was very polite very professional (unclear) you know I just loved her.
She was very friendly very kind and I just love my insurance.
The person that I spoke to was really talkative very responsible very professional and I thank her so much for her time.
Vicky was the young lady that I spoke with and very pleasant and she helped me with my concern and thank you very much.
The young lady with whom I spoke was extremely helpful and also very friendly and she sounded is she must be a lovely person.
She was excellent and thank you.
Her name was Jessica and she was very professional and very nice very courteous and I can't think of anything that y'all could improve on.
The young lady for her service you know she was very efficient and prompt and very helpful thank you bye bye.
She was so nice and helpful and I really appreciate it.
I think it was fine the lady was very nice and she helped me a lot I was happy.
Everything was good she was very professional she explained things very easily easily to understand very nice person.
Everything was fantastic she was very kind and polite person and you can't get anything better than that.
The lady that helped me was very polite and courteous and helped me a great deal.
It wasn't difficult but it was good and the person that I spoke to Marlene was very helpful and very polite and very sweet and I appreciated all she did.
She was very helpful and I appreciate the help and assistance very much.
I think the lady was very nice and helpful (unclear).
Everything was perfect Barbara is absolutely outstanding professional very kind very helpful she answered my many many questions.
she was very informative and I thank you for it.
Kristen was a good representative for your company and I really enjoyed her.
They were both very helpful to an old lady who needed help and I appreciate their help very much.
Kara was real nice and informative and she knew what I was talking about and that was great and I appreciate it.
I mean even that couldn't be she was so pleasant and I was very grateful for her.
She was very help extremely helpful and kind and you know she it was a very good experience.
I talked to a very nice lady and it was very helpful.
I can't think of nothing y'all were very helpful I really appreciate and the girl I talked to she's very knowledgeable and she was a very nice and polite person thank you so much.
She was so courteous very knowledgeable and she gave me the best service I have ever gotten with UHC.
Everything was very good and the person that helped me she was very helpful thank you.
Kimberly was an excellent representative and she was so helpful and patient with me.
Stephanie was very nice and thank you.
She was really informative and I thank you for her.
She helped me and she was very wonderful and very helpful.
I enjoyed the person that helped me and she was very nice and very kind.
I have a hard time understanding people with an accent and this lady although she was extremely helpful she does have a really definite accent but she was very kind.
She was very nice and I'm very thankful for the information she gave to me thank you.
Jessica helped me and she was very friendly and informative.
The girl was very sweet and very kind and I appreciate that very much.
She's the young lady that worked with me and was very professional and very courteous.
The operator was very nice and friendly and took care of the business I had quickly and she was great.
I really can't think of anything she was very thorough and helpful and confident and patient.
I really I'm very satisfied the girl was very nice and I don't have any other questions.
But this last lady was excellent and I appreciated her help.
I am very proud and I wanted to let y'all know she is a good and wonderful person.
Shaunda was extremely helpful and I appreciate all of her patience.
Cheri was the representative and she was kind and considerate and patient and I am totally satisfied.
She was very pleasant she knew exactly what she was doing and she was very helpful to me.
But the lady was very nice and very sweet and very professional and I did appreciate her.
She was very helpful and I appreciate that.
Other than that experience was very nice and the lady that I talked to was very nice and well educated.
Tammy was very patient and very helpful so I am very pleased with my conversation with her.
The young lady that I talked to was very informative and very pleasant young lady.
The girl that I spoke to was so very helpful and kind and pleasant.
Melony was the lady who talked with me and she was very nice and very helpful and thank you bye bye.
Kavita was very helpful and pleasant and thank you for your service.
she done a wonderful job and I am very pleased.
She was very pleasant and I could tell she was smiling (unclear) she was so positive and upbeat so that was really nice.
I think she was very professional and did a great job.
Regina was very helpful and nice to me.
The lady I talked with was super helpful and very congenial.
All my needs were taken care of and she was very very polite and you need more people like her.
The lady that helped me was very helpful and very friendly.
The lady I talked to was helpful polite and very kind and patient.
Amanda was very helpful and very pleasant to talk to I you couldn't have done anything better it was a very good experience.
She was very good she got the job done and I'm very satisfied thank you.
The young lady was very kind and very gracious and I appreciated her help very much.
Chelsea was very helpful very professional and she did help me the best.
Suzanne is an excellent representative and she took care of my questions very well and I appreciate the service.
My representative that I had on the line she was very patient and very explanatory and she's good at what she do.
She was very helpful and she understood my problem and I appreciate y'all thank you.
Caroline was a great help to me and very personable keep her hired on she was great thanks.
That young woman was so sweet and precious and patient with me I thank the Lord for her.
I am very happy with the service and Tiara helped me and she was very knowledgeable and friendly.
She was very pleasurable to talk to she was very helpful and I really did like her demeanor.
The young lady on the phone Annette was very professional and explained everything to me so I mean I'm very grateful and satisfied.
She was very kind and she had nice things to say so she was most informative and I appreciated that so thank you very much for the good service.
She was very courteous very nice and I enjoyed talking to her.
She transferred me to benefits and both were very nice and very courteous.
She done a real good job and she was very knowledgeable of her job and she was very professional.
But I do want to recommend Sabrina because she was very patient and very helpful with me and I appreciate that so much.
She was very sweet very professional very kind and I really appreciated that.
My questions were answered and it made something that seemed overwhelming to me very very easy and so the one that her name was Connie or Constance and she was so very very nice and so helpful so I'm pleased.
She resolved every bit of my problem and she was so patient and so kind and very professional.
Ariana was very thorough and I appreciated working with her.
JD who helped me was intelligent and professional and nice and I could hear her clearly.
The lady that I spoke with was very professional and very knowledgeable.
Absolutely nothing she was very good very friendly very helpful hers name is difficult to pronounce though but she was very good very helpful and very pleasant to talk with.
Everything was just fine and the lady helped me and she was very professional and thank goodness American.
But Amanda was very helpful and very kind and (unclear) and took a lot of care to help me find that out.
The agent that helped me her name was Leslie she was very informative and I was pleased with her service.
She was very helpful and her attitude was very positive so appreciate that.
The young lady man who took care of me was very pleasant and very knowledgeable and I was very pleased with the service.
I had no problems and the lady that I talked to was really nice and I am really happy with it.
She was very professional very courteous very patient and understanding and I don't well I don't know anything that needs to be taken care of on my behalf.
Julie was very good and I appreciated her help.
Samir was an exceptional very exceptionally responsive and very kind and considerate and I really appreciate that so I commend her and I commend what she's doing.
The little lady that helped me was very cordial and friendly and I enjoyed talking to her about the weather and some other things.
I spoke with Desiree and she was very professional very friendly and I really appreciate that.
The young lady named Kelly was very friendly very understanding very patient with me not understanding Medicare getting older.
Christy was very bubbly and very helpful and she took care of me in record prompt time.
She was wonderful she was very clear to understand she was patient professional and did a great job and I appreciate it.
She was she's really a sweet lady and I thank you bye.
There was nothing you could do better she was very helpful and very courteous.
The lady was very professional and helpful and friendly so I don't think she needed to improve anything.
The lady was great and she was very helpful and very polite and she went out of her way to help me.
The woman I spoke to was knowledgeable and clear and patient and respectful and kind and it was a good experience.
She was very nice and I really enjoyed talking with her.
She was very patient good (unclear) person very kind I am totally satisfied.
Anyway I don't know her name but she was very professional very courteous and very patient with me.
The woman I spoke with was very knowledgeable and very friendly and very up to date and helped me.
She was very nice and I appreciate you all.
Maddie was very polite courteous and helpful and I think she deserves a raise but I have no complaints.
The girl was very kind very knowledgeable very respectful and I don't know done anything wrong.
She was absolutely superb and I thank you very much.
The lady who helped me was very pleasant and I appreciated her help.
But that's not Elizabeth's fault or probably anybody's so anyway she was very helpful and very nice and I could understand her very clearly and that was very helpful for an old lady.
She was really helpful and personable and I would give her an A plus plus.
The young lady was a pleasure to deal with and very efficient and I thank her.
Sherrie was excellent very professional and she helped us 100%.
Laura was very friendly and I feel like she's part of my family now.
There was nothing that could have been done better the young lady was very helpful and very pleasant and it was very very good experience thank you so much.
Everything was very nice the girl was very friendly I had no trouble at all thank you very much.
Laura was wonderful that I spoke to she was very knowledgeable and helpful thank you have a great day.
Sylvia who attended to me was very professional and very nice.
I had a lady that was really knowledgeable very nice easy to talk to and I would recommend her very highly.
The lady that helped me was very courteous and smart and I appreciate her help.
She was very helpful and I appreciate it.
Not much the Dina her name was Dina was very polite and very efficient and did a good job I'm very pleased with UHC thank you bye.
She was truly helpful towards me and I sure appreciate her customer service and everything.
The lady I talked to was very sweet she understood everything and I just I'm extremely happy with y'all.
She was a very good help and she was really very nice.
(Unclear) was excellent today she was a great help and very pleasant and sweet thank you bye.
The girl was very nice and we resolved my problem so thank you very much.
The young lady was very good and helpful she helped me very good so I thank you very much bye bye now.
The lady was very helpful and very pleasant and I appreciate that so much and thank you.
The young lady that helped me was very helpful and very knowledgeable but I had a lot of trouble understanding her.
She was very nice thank you very much.
The lady was very cordial and nice and they always help even when I call excellent service.
The young lady that took care of me was very efficient and very patient and she did a fine job.
The lady that helped us with our problem was so helpful and so knowledgeable and we really appreciated all her help.
Hi I spoke to Jasmine she was really really helpful very patient.
She was very helpful and I appreciate all her help.
But the lady I spoke to was so wonderful so kind and so informative and knowledgeable it was a pleasant experience.
The lady I spoke to was very informative and very nice.
Really she was very personable and I appreciated her help.
That Dolly was so pleasant and so professional and helped me and I appreciate always the service.
She was very polite very nice and I don't have any complaints.
But other than that the lady the young lady was Emily and she was so polite and nice and ready to serve me help me out.
