This morning the lady was very professional and she answered all my questions.
The girl who answered the phone was very helpful very gracious very patiently.
She answered everything correctly and was very professional.
The girl helped me and answered all my questions she did went beyond she was just very nice and courteous and very helpful.
She was very pleasant very helpful and answered my questions explicitly and also added that as a caregiver there are resources for me available at UHC.
She was very friendly and answered all my questions.
She was very good very professional and she answered all my questions.
The lady was very informative and answered my question.
Danica was very helpful and very prompt in answering all of my questions.
She was very professional and helpful and answered all my questions.
She answered my questions and she was very nice.
She was very informative and just so pleasant and answered my questions in no time at all.
Misty was very courteous and very knowledgeable and I had my questions answered.
She was very pleasant and I got my answer to my questions.
She answered my questions and was extremely polite and was a pleasure to speak with plus she answered my questions.
Everything was great she was Autumn was very helpful and she answered all my questions.
The girl was knowledgeable and she answered my questions.
She was so nice and caring and she answered all my questions.
She was very knowledgeable and she answered me every question.
The lady was delightful and all my questions were answered.
She answered all my questions and she went above and beyond and she was very courteous and respectful to me.
She was excellent she was very direct she answered my questions.
She was very helpful and everything on all my questions.
She was just wonderful and answered all my questions and was a great experience.
Amina was very very good and she answered all my questions.
So I was very appreciative of her doing that and I got the answers to my questions and she was exceptionally courteous and professional.
Nothing Lily was wonderful she answered all of my questions she was kind and compassionate and informative thank you.
I was very satisfied with the lady that I spoke with and she was thorough and answered my questions.
The girl was lovely very polite and knew the answers to my questions.
The lady today was very nice and was very able to answer my question in a timely manner.
The young lady was very helpful and I received (unclear) response to my question.
She was very polite she helped me out a lot and she answered my questions.
She was very gracious and extremely efficient and helpful and answered my questions to my satisfaction.
She answered my questions very kindly and very appropriate and very made me understand exactly what I had asked so I was very happy with her.
The lady was very cordial and (unclear) and she answered my question right away.
And she was fantastic very detailed very congenial very helpful answered all my questions.
The Anna was absolutely fantastic in answering really a bunch of complicated questions.
Rachel was very helpful and knowledgeable and she answered all my questions.
She answered all my questions and she was very very knowledgeable.
The girl was really knowledgeable about all my questions and she resolved any of the issues I had and she's very helpful and very polite.
She was super nice and answered all my questions.
She was very kind very knowledgeable and she answered my questions.
Shawn was very comforting and answered all my questions and I appreciated her empathy.
The young lady I spoke to was very informative and answered my question to my satisfaction and I'm pleased with the service.
The lady was very helpful very pleasant and she answered my questions.
She was pleasant and she answered all of my questions.
She handled all my questions very professionally and was very good.
Lindsay was very good at answering my questions.
She was very knowledgeable and she answered my questions promptly.
I spoke to a woman named Yolanda and she was pleasant and very knowledgeable and answered all my questions.
She answered my questions and she was very nice.
She was very well informed and helpful and took my question.
She answered all my problems and she was extremely courteous and patient with me.
The lady was so very polite and very helpful and very kind and she answered all my questions that I needed and I can't say anything more.
Amber was very responsive and answered all my questions.
She was very helpful and answered all my questions.
The young lady she was very polite and she answered everything I asked her.
The lady was very helpful and answered all my questions.
She was quick to respond friendly and nice and she answered my question.
She was most helpful and answered all my questions.
Melissa answered all my questions and she was very pleasant and knowledgeable and professional.
Erin was absolutely pleasant helpful was able to answer all my questions and it was a very pleasant experience.
She was very thorough answered all my questions.
She was very knowledgeable and pleasant and courteous and she answered my questions.
The lady was knowledgeable and answered all my questions.
She was courteous and satisfied my question directly.
She was very helpful and answered all of my questions and I appreciated her very much.
Susan was exceptionally courteous informative it was a delight talking to her and she answered all my questions with efficiency and knowledge.
She was very helpful and my questions are answered.
The customer service person Ebony that helped me was fantastic and we talked at length and she answered all my questions and she was warm and friendly professional but extremely friendly and courteous.
The girl was extremely helpful and (unclear) any questions.
The lady was very efficient very nice and answered all of my questions.
She has a very nice pleasant voice easy to listen to answered all my questions.
The lady was very kind and informative and answered my questions with no problem.
Amanda was very courteous and answered all my questions thank you.
She was very professional and very good and she answered all my questions and I appreciate that.
The lady was very nice and answered all my questions.
The lady was very efficient and answered all of my questions.
She was very professional and very thorough and answered all of my questions and I do appreciate this.
The lady was very helpful and very courteous so I had all my questions answered so I was fine.
She was extremely good at making phone calls following up on my questions.
Yes the lady was very helpful she answered all my questions and I was very satisfied.
She was extremely kind respectful and helped me with every question I had.
The young lady was very helpful and answered my questions.
She was polite considerate and answered every single question I had.
The lady that I spoke to was absolutely very cordial and very helpful and she answered all my questions.
answered all my questions and she was very pleasant and I appreciated it.
She was very professional and very helpful and explained all the questions that I had.
The lady was very nice and she answered all my problems right on time.
I was very happy with the representative she was sweetheart she answered all my questions and she was very thorough and patient.
She was very thorough and answered all my questions.
She was very friendly and I could tell she was concerned about my questions and handled them right and got the right answers and she was excellent.
She was very professional and answered my call and my questions exceptional when she was very professional.
She was very professional and she answered our questions right away.
She was thorough and she answered all my questions.
The young lady I talked to was very helpful and answered all my questions so I was very well pleased.
She is very professional and answered all of my questions.
Everything was great Vikki was very helpful answered every question I had.
She was very polite and very helpful and she answered my questions.
She was very courteous very patient and understanding with my questions.
Michelle was very helpful and thoroughly answered all my questions and I was very pleased with the experience.
Jenny was very helpful and all my questions were answered.
She was very courteous with the question that I asked.
She was very very positive and answered all my questions.
The rep she was very nice and very professional and she answered the questions that I had very knowledgeably.
Alice was very helpful and answered all of our questions.
The lady who answered my call was very courteous and polite and pleasant to talk to.
She was very patient and I appreciate having her answer my questions.
She was very courteous and my questions were answered.
She was very polite and she helped answer my question and I'm quite satisfied.
The lady was very informative very helpful and she answered my question very good.
She was very helpful on multiple questions multiple categories.
Tasha was extremely helpful very courteous and kind and took her time and answered all my questions.
She was very good at answering my questions and giving me information that I needed.
And she answered all my questions and she was very polite and friendly and couldn't have been better.
She was very pleasant and Felicia was and she answered my questions and found the answers for me.
Carol was very friendly and she answered all of my questions that I needed answering.
She answered my questions and she was very polite and she's a keeper.
And the lady that I was talking to was very kind ands very pleased and she answered my questions thank you.
Ruby was very helpful and polite and she solved all of my issues.
She was very informative very helpful and I got all my questions addressed.
I talked to Shannon and she was very courteous and she answered all my questions.
She was very nice answered my questions.
The woman was very nice and she answered my questions.
The woman who answered the phone was very polite and gave me all the information I needed.
She answered very quick.
Kimberly was very persistently investigating my questions.
Cheryl was wonderful and very patient with me with all my questions.
And she was extremely nice and she answered my questions.
Raquel who answered the phone was very helpful and extremely nice.
Simone was very pleasant and answered my questions so no problems whatsoever.
The young lady was very helpful and explained my situation and answered my question.
She was so good about answering all of my questions and just a real pleasant person and real real knowledgeable about everything I needed.
She was very courteous and answered my question in the manner I needed.
She answered all my questions and was very friendly.
The lady I had was very good and she answered my question.
She was courteous professional and answered my question right away.
The young lady was very knowledgeable and you know courteous and polite and she answered all my questions so there's nothing I would change.
Miss Marjorie was extremely pleasant very helpful answered every question I had.
They were Rheanna and Alyssa were both very professional and quickly answered my questions.
Everything was perfect she answered all my questions was very courteous and I appreciate that.
The girl was very informative gave me the answer to my question and was very pleasant.
Alexis was very helpful in answering all my questions.
She answered my question and my concerns were taken care of and she was polite and friendly so everything was fine.
I'm very satisfied I was impressed with this young lady and she answered all my questions very well and I was very pleased.
The young lady was absolutely wonderful and answered all my questions.
The lady was very nice and she answered all my question.
She was very friendly courteous patient and she answered all my questions.
The lady that helped me with this was very helpful courteous and friendly and did answer all my questions.
She was very nice and polite and answered my questions and I thought she did a great job.
She was very proficient in how she handled my situation and my questions and I greatly appreciated.
She was very good and gave me prompt answers to my questions.
She was very courteous and thorough and answered all of my questions.
Jessie was a very thorough patient kind and answered all my questions.
She was very polite and answered my questions and gave information that I needed.
She was very pleasant knowledgeable she answered my call promptly and I was very pleased with her customer service.
She just really answered all my questions and was very gentle and patient with me.
Kisha was very professional courteous responsible and took care of all of my questions.
Tanisha was very thorough and answered all my questions and more.
The lady I talked with was very polite and very helpful and so I was satisfied she answered my question.
She answered all my questions and was very friendly.
Alicia was very excellent very pleasing very patient very knowledgeable and she answered every question I had.
She is excellent she answered every question and she was polite and efficient.
The lady Linda who answered my phone call was very helpful and very accommodating.
Amanda was very professional and very knowledgeable and was capable of answering all of our questions.
She answered all my questions and was very nice and helpful.
She was very polite and answered my questions.
She was very professional and also very friendly and addressed all of my questions that I had and I was very well satisfied.
She answered all my concerns she was very professional she was very courteous she was just great.
Everything was just excellent and the young lady was real (unclear) and she answered my questions excellently.
