Linda was a big help and she was able to answer some questions.
She was very polite and she listened to my story.
The lady that I talked to was extremely friendly very precise and I was totally satisfied.
She was extremely courteous and extremely helpful and I appreciate everything she did and she was totally clear in the answers she gave me.
I spoke with Caroline and she was very nice and very helpful.
And the lady was very helpful and she gave me all the information.
Michelle was very polite and very capable in requesting the change of my primary care physician.
She was very knowledgeable of the information that I asked her.
She was very helpful and told my own doctor and everything.
She was very informative and she gave me all of the information I needed.
Considerate and she was patient.
Kristin was very knowledgeable and made phone calls for me.
She gave me other information and she was she's very cooperative and compassionate.
I talked with Olivia and she was very very helpful.
She was so kind and so patient because we had a lot of questions and she did.
The woman I spoke to was very nice and polite and she was very helpful.
Samantha was very helpful and so was her supervisor Star.
She was very helpful and she handled the situation to my really to my benefit and I was very pleased.
She was very informative and she helped me out.
She was polite she was pleasant and she was very knowledgeable.
She was very helpful and took care of all my needs.
The lady was knowledgeable and got me the information I needed.
But overall I'm happy with Nora was the girl that helped me and she was very helpful and stayed with me and we worked through it.
She is very knowledgeable and she assisted me as far as she could.
She was friendly and courteous and she helped me with what I needed to have help with.
I didn't have any problem the girl was very nice and she was very helpful and my question was answered.
She was extremely helpful professional got me the information I needed so it was a very positive experience.
She was friendly and just was right at the point.
She was very professional and knowledgeable about everything that I needed.
Her name was Carla and she had a very pleasant voice and dealt with me respectfully.
She was very sweet and very helpful and I got everything done the way it needed to be.
She was very helpful and I think resolved my situation.
She was extremely helpful and made the call to my doctor which is Dr.
Actually today Alicia was very courteous very professional and gave us all the information that we needed.
She was very efficient and made it a pleasant call that was one that I was concerned about.
Lisa was very professional in the way she handled the call.
The woman was very respectful and informative and took care of my issue.
She was very knowledgeable very helpful pleasant and gave me all the information that I needed.
I was very touched by her and I was very touched by her kindness and she knew everything I needed to know.
She took care of everything I needed and was very informative.
She was excellent and was very helpful and I really appreciate all the information she gave to me.
She explained everything to me and she seems very conscientious about her job.
The lady I talked to was very kind and very helpful and everything was just fine.
She was very polite very pleasant very informative and hung in there to help until she found the answer.
She was excellent she was precise and to the point.
The young lady helped me out with what I needed and she was very polite.
And she was very polite and had a good voice so I just enjoyed the call.
She was very courteous very quick very prompt and took care of everything with no fuss or nothing.
The young lady I spoke Shamniqua was extremely courteous and well informed and covered everything that I had questions about.
the lady was very courteous and had all the information I needed thank you.
She was very patient and she filled out some special forms for me.
Everything was just wonderful and the lady I spoke with was very helpful.
She was thorough she was friendly and she was fast.
The lady who I talked to was extremely good she was knowledgeable and gave me the information I needed so it was excellent thank you.
Rosie was very polite and overhelpful which I really appreciated she walked me through everything.
She was very polite and everything went fine.
I was helped and the lady was very courteous.
Everything was fine and Elizabeth was very friendly and helpful on the phone.
The representative was very pleasant and explained herself very clearly so I could understand her.
She was very thorough and she over extended herself.
The young lady was very friendly and very helpful and gave me all the information that I needed.
The lady was very helpful to me and we were talking about Washington and she told me that (unclear) very helpful.
The girl was very knowledgeable very helpful and resolved my problem.
I mean the lady was quite friendly and she attended to my need.
The woman was very clear when I spoke to her and she was very helpful on the phone.
The young lady who waited on me was quite courteous and helpful and I was treated with dignity and respect and I appreciate the service.
Everything was fine and the young lady that I had to talk with was very professional and prompt and really handled things very beautifully.
The young lady that I spoke to was extremely courteous and very helpful.
Today Alice was most helpful and resolved my problem.
The lady I spoke with was very pleasant and took care of everything immediately.
She was very helpful and I felt good talking to her.
The young lady I spoke with Ashley was just super nice very thorough and got everything handled.
And she was very professional and handled my inquiry perfectly.
The call was very informative and the lady I talked to was very nice and helpful.
The lady that I talked with was very informational and courteous and polite.
I enjoyed talking with Nancy and she was very helpful.
She was very respectful and met all of the things that I asked her.
Sherry was my assistant and she was very clear.
the lady was very courteous and she gave me the right information.
She was very helpful in giving me the information that I needed.
It was sometimes hard to understand her there was a lot of background noise and other than that she was very helpful and pleasant.
And she was very polite and personable and made me at ease and gave me extra information that I hadn't even asked for.
The agent was very pleasant very extremely knowledgeable just so knowledgeable and I thank her so much for her time and things that she it was nothing more that she needed to do.
I spoke with Dina and she was very helpful.
She was just very helpful and helped get the problem resolved.
The girl that waited on me was very nice very friendly and got back to me with an answer right away and I appreciated it.
Norma was professional courteous and gave me the answer that I needed.
But she was excellent courteous and resolved the issue.
She was very informative very polite very knowledgeable and I just had a great conversation with her in response to what I needed so I would there's nothing to improve on.
She was very knowledgeable of everything she told me and I was very satisfied.
The lady was real friendly and helped me out.
She was polite and helped me out.
The young lady who handled me was very courteous and she took care of the problem.
Could have been a little faster but she was very thorough and resolved it.
Christine was very helpful and I got what I called for.
She was very helpful and went out of her way to satisfy my needs.
She was very knowledgeable and gave me the help that I needed.
My operator was very knowledgeable and very respectful and she knew what she was talking about and it was a very pleasant conversation and I got the information I needed quickly and I appreciate that very much.
The woman that I talked to on the phone was very courteous very informative and she solved my problem.
I felt much more comfortable speaking with a woman on my issue she was very helpful.
Everything was handled very efficiently and wonderfully and the first lady I spoke with named Jaclyn was exceptionally cheerful and just a delight to talk to.
The gal was very helpful and I accomplished what I needed to.
She was marvelous and solved my problem.
She knew what she was talking about and very tolerant.
I enjoyed talking with her and she was very helpful.
Nothing she was very helpful and I appreciated everything she did.
She took the time and was very patient.
Mary was very helpful and she tried her best to resolve an issue.
Carla was very helpful and resolved my problem.
Anna was very gracious and helped me with everything I needed to know.
But the representative was very courteous Barbara and she was very helpful to me in getting the answers.
The lady who helped me was real helpful and courteous and I had a pleasant experience talking to her.
She was very nice and took care of my problem.
The person I was talking to was very helpful but she spoke a little bit fast and had a fairly strong foreign accent.
She was very knowledgeable and courteous and helpful and I truly felt that she wanted to answer my questions and assist me in any way she could.
You were it was very helpful and the lady was very polite and she knew exactly what I needed to know.
I talked to Adia she was so helpful and very informative very pleasant.
My agent was named Danielle and she was very helpful and went above and beyond the call of duty.
She was very knowledgeable and I'm very appreciative with the information she gave me.
The representative was knowledgeable she was courteous and went above and beyond what she needed to do for me.
The young lady that I spoke to was very thorough very pleasant and offered me information that I wouldn't have even thought about asking for.
That young lady that took care of me was very informative and she was very professional.
She was very sweet and informative and very willing to help me understand everything that I asked her.
I spoke with Valentina and she was very helpful.
The lady that I spoke with was very very helpful very professional and courteous and I really appreciate that she took the time to find out the information that I needed.
Everything was done quite well and the representative that I spoke to was very pleasant and she asked a lot of questions and I had two things to ask her and she was very nice.
She was very informative and she knew what she was talking about.
The lady I talked to was very nice very helpful and she told me everything I needed to know and that was all good.
Peggy was very helpful and got right to the issue.
She was quick she was polite she was informative and took cleared up the issue perfectly.
The lady was really courteous and she made me understand everything that I needed to know.
Zach was extremely helpful and she did everything perfectly and professionally.
She was very professional and she took care of the problem.
She was so helpful in communicating with me and being patient with me.
she spoke good English but it was too fast and it came across garbled.
It was an excellent call and I was very thankful I could understand everything she was saying and she was very patient and courteous.
The lady was very knowledgeable and help me tell me everything I needed to know.
She was very abrupt and didn't seem to be helpful spoke really fast and I think she was losing her patience with me and it was just unfortunate.
I got three doctors that I couldn't find in my own phone book and the girl was very pleasant and very informative.
She spoke a little too quickly it was very difficult to understand her.
The lady was very helpful and took care of me very nicely.
(unclear) she was very polite very professional and got it done as quickly as possible.
She was prompt she understood me from the very beginning and she was very diplomatic in the way that she worked with me.
Pamela was delightful and gave me the information I needed very efficiently.
The young lady that worked with me in the service area May was her name was extremely professional and friendly and helpful.
She was extremely nice courteous pleasant and took care of the reason I was calling.
The young lady was friendly and knowledgeable and helped me with everything I needed.
She was very helpful as much information as she was able to find.
The girl was very helpful and I was inquiring about a bill that I got.
I was very pleased with the person whom I spoke with and she was very helpful.
She explained it very well loud and clear.
Beatrice was extremely helpful professional and resolved my problem.
She was very clean consisted and thorough and insuring that I understood how the system worked and I'm most satisfied.
The lady was very nice very helpful and everything was resolved wonderfully.
I talked with a very nice young lady and she gave me the information that I was looking for and I appreciate it and like I said everybody's been very nice and courteous and I thank you.
And the agent by the name of Joanna she was extremely nice and very pleasant but there was no real explanation.
The girl was very nice courteous advised me all the information I needed to know.
I appreciated her knowledge and her assistance was very valuable.
I just wanted to recommend her as very efficient very friendly and got right to the point.
The representative was very friendly and understanding and she understood exactly what I wanted and she assisted me in that manner.
But she explained everything very helpful.
The representative Nicole that I talked to was very helpful and I appreciated her help.
The lady was very very professional knowledgeable and went right to the root of the problem and got it (unclear) finished.
She was very polite and got everything done quickly.
She was really helpful to me and I got my answers answered.
Samantha was knowledgeable and quick and gave us all the answers we needed.
She was very polite and very helpful and looked up claims for me and came back with the information.
The lady was very courteous showed very courtesy to me and she was very helpful.
Everything went very well and the lady that helped me was very nice and seemed very helpful.
The person I spoke to was Trina she was very helpful she gave me the information that I wanted and I'm very happy and very satisfied with everything.
There was really nothing else that I needed and she was very pleasant and eager to help and everything went very smoothly.
Enjoyed talking to Juanita very much and she was extremely helpful and patient.
The lady was very precise very knowledgeable very efficient very fast and gave me all the information possible and I appreciate it.
Kesha was very professional and took care of my problem.
I found the girl very helpful and she took care of my questions.
Megan was very versed in what she needed to talk to me about and I'm very appreciative.
The lady was wonderful and very patient and thorough and gave me good advice.
She (unclear) Katie was very friendly she was she explained to me what was going on and I was more than satisfied.
She was very polite and helpful and I enjoyed speaking with her.
Marge was very helpful and took my payment and in a courteous way and I am pleased with the service.
She was very knowledgeable and knew what she was talking about and it was all good.
Lori the person who was assisting me in my questioning was very complete and very competent in her answers.
There is nothing she was the representative was very helpful and she did all she could.
The lady that I spoke to was very congenial and gave me the information I needed in a timely fashion.
The young lady was very thorough and actually helped me resolve a big problem that was bothering me.
Tamara was very very helpful and she took a lot of time to help me this morning and I was very well satisfied.
She was seemed a little short speaking at first to me.
The lady was very friendly and went out of her way to make me feel welcomed to call.
She did quite well was patient and very helpful.
April is the person I spoke with and she was helpful and extremely professional.
The lady who helped me her name was Ashley was very helpful very courteous made the right phone calls and contacts and so on.
She was very nice and gave me all the information I wanted.
And I enjoyed the conversation and she was very helpful.
Betty was very courteous and we resolved the problem immediately and it was very nice and I appreciate very much the 15 dollar gift card to Walmart.
Sam she was very helpful and very polite and the issue was resolved.
She was extremely professional and took care of my needs.
She was very helpful not only of what I called about but on other matters also.
Took her time and was extremely polite and courteous.
I talked to Jalynn today and she was courteous and very sympathetic.
Stephanie was very good and personable and gave me the information quickly.
The person I spoke with Rita was very good and knowledgeable and took care of registering me.
The young lady was very informative and provided me with the information that I needed.
She was extremely delightful and pleasant and did a very nice job finding all the information I needed.
I talked to Rebecca in customer service and she was very helpful.
She was clear and accurate and informative of the information that she relayed to me.
She was gracious and gave me some good instruction and I was very pleased with her responses.
Everything was fine Sarah was extremely helpful certainly courteous and gave us everything we needed to know.
She was very courteous and I enjoyed the conversation with her.
She was very polite and I'm very satisfied with my call today.
But as far as the phone call she was fast and pleasant and nice and friendly and had the information I needed.
She was very professional and gave me the answer I needed very quickly.
She was very courteous very informative gave me more than I asked for.
She was so considerate and thorough in doing research.
She was friendly polite very knowledgeable of what she was doing and I it was a very pleasant call.
The lady I spoke with was nice and polite and she helped me as best as she could.
Cuz she was very helpful and resolved my problem.
The lady that helped me was very helpful and any time that I've ever called everybody has been very courteous and very helpful.
The young lady was very polite and she did everything asked.
She was very nice pleasant and gave me the information I needed.
I think Christina handled my question very diplomatically and she was very professional.
She was very diligent in calling the provider and straightening things out so I'm very pleased with the result.
The lady was very helpful made calls for me and made sure I was taken care of.
Ms Valley was extremely helpful and she was able to give me every single information I needed.
Everything went very well and the lady was very polite and you know.
The young lady was very helpful and everything went very smoothly.
The young woman was very knowledgeable and she treated me with respect and that was good.
The lady was very helpful and gave me the information I needed thank you very much.
The lady that I talked to was very courteous and she knew exactly what to do with my request.
She was courteous and she went the extra mile in getting my information.
The girl spoke very clearly and very helpful and took care of the matter.
Leslie was very good very helpful got me the answers I need and it was a pleasure speaking with her.
I mean she (unclear) was very polite and helped her out and I was very satisfied.
Basically she was very friendly gave me the information that I needed and very professional.
I enjoyed our conversation and she was very helpful.
So she did everything just right was very courteous and helpful.
But she was very thorough and complete and I enjoyed working with her.
The customer service agent that I had spoken to she cleared everything up she was very helpful and she was very nice and courteous.
The young lady was very helpful and gave me what I needed.
She was well versed and she was able to handle my problem.
She was extremely helpful and gave me more information that I needed.
Well the girl was very thorough that I talked to.
And she slowed down with her speech and was very nice to me and helpful and I appreciate her.
I spoke to Emily and she was very helpful.
The lady was very helpful and was really diligent in trying to find out the answers I requested.
She was very courteous and everything was fine on this call.
The person was very nice very friendly and she answered questions before I even had thought about asking them.
Jennifer who was the lady who talked to me was so kind and so friendly and just upbeat that I really felt good about talking to her and sharing with her.
the United Healthcare staff I talked to this morning she was very capable and very precise and she satisfied my question.
She treated me extremely nice and she had patience and got my answer.
The advocate was most helpful and she explained herself and she reassured me.
She was awfully nice but she told me a couple of stories.
I spoke to Elaine this morning and she was very very helpful.
Madison was excellent in her manner of dealing with my situation.
I was very satisfied and the girl that answered the phone was so sweet and I understood her English.
To me she was very helpful and explained everything.
Mariam was very kind and very helpful in getting me the answers that I needed.
Young lady was very courteous and very nice but she spoke so fast it was difficult for me to understand her not her fault I'm a little bit hard of hearing and as I say it was difficult for me to discern some of the things she said.
So that was it and the young lady was very very helpful and I had no problem.
Miss Jamie was very nice very courteous and she was real aware of everything that I asked her.
And therefore she couldn't tell me what I wanted but overall she was very nice and very helpful.
She was very courteous and made my day.
Paula was wonderful and resolved my issue in a very timely manner.
She answered it quickly and she was most courteous.
The lady was very nice and she helped what I needed what I needed help with.
She was unbelievably helpful and she went beyond the call of duty to help me.
She was very nice and done what I needed to be done.
We made it through 'cause she was bright and attentive and she got onto what was going on to.
The lady was very courteous and was able to take care of my issue.
She was very informative she couldn't have been more polite and she did.
She was excellent and patient and spoke loud enough for me to hear it.
The girl was very cooperative and helpful and thoroughly enjoyed talking with her.
Really there was nothing Ashley is the one I talked to and she was very nice and very thorough and I answered my questions.
I spoke with Barbara and she was very helpful and courteous.
The lady was extremely helpful and resolved everything the service was excellent a 10.
Her name is Cheryl from the number 8667939773 and Cheryl was just so wonderful and so informative and updated my information and treated me with so much respect.
Amanda was very helpful and I was very pleased with the information that she took care of for me.
The lady on the phone was very helpful and I'm very pleased for the answers.
She was excellent and explained everything.
She was a really nice person and she listened to what I had to say.
The gal that I spoke with was very efficient and very good and provided me with all the information that I needed and she was very patient and kind.
The young lady was just delightful and helped me exactly what I wanted.
She was very respectful and very nice to me and gave me the correct information.
She gave me excellent customer service and she was very patient and clear and consice and professional.
She was polite and was able to help us with our problem.
she gave excellent information.
She was very polite very cordial and assured me that what we talked about would be taken care of.
But it was not easy to understand her it was a little mumbled and her accent was a little difficult to understand.
Veronica was a great customer service representative and my question was answered.
I found it difficult to hear the lady she was very nice but I found it difficult to hear.
Other than that she was very courteous to me and helped me.
Jean was just wonderful to talk to and he was very sympathetic of my condition.
She was very helpful and suggested things that I hadn't even thought of.
I talked to Sharon and she was very nice and very helpful and everything was resolved.
The lady was very helpful and I got all the information that I needed.
She took care of everything and was very professional.
The girl was very kind and explained everything very thoroughly.
She was very friendly extremely courteous and she was a pleasure to speak to and she understands what I was looking for.
The lady was lovely on the phone so I was completely pleased.
She was very prompt and responsive to anything I needed help with.
She was diligent in her efforts.
Actually the young lady was very courteous and she gave me the information that I need.
Everything is fine I understood everything she was saying and she was nice and personable.
So she was extremely nice and even when she gave me the phone.
It was very hard hearing the agent I was speaking to she was pleasant and she was very helpful but it was so much noise behind her I can hear the conversations all around her and that was awful.
She was very good and was very gave me all the information I needed.
The girl was very helpful and explained everything in detail for me.
She was very efficient and gave me the information I needed.
I spoke with a lady named Kim and she was very very thorough and very good and very courteous and I enjoyed talking with her.
In fact I was so happy to talk to her she gave me so much information and spent the time with me not only was very knowledgeable but was very personable.
She was very friendly she was very kind very knowledgeable on what was going on.
It's similar to that who assisted me on this phone call and she was bright and chipper efficient friendly succinct and.
She was kind and she knew what she was doing.
I had a comment about Jessica I talked to her and she was extremely helpful and pleasant and very professional.
Everything was wonderful Wanda was very helpful and she gave me the information that I needed.
Tammy was very kind and sweet and took a lot of time with me to find the information that I needed.
She spoke fluent English and she understood me very well.
The lady was very professional and very thorough and got me the answers I needed.
The representative I spoke with today was very courteous and professional and she was very patient and she was able to help em with all the questions that I had.
She researched everything and she was very polite.
And it was resolved and she worked hard and was very polite while doing it.
She talked very well and was very helpful and gave me the telephone number of High Health Innovations which I'm now going to call.
The lady that waited on me was very courteous and very helpful.
She was so pleasant and listened to everything I said and she helped me immensely.
The lady I spoke with Patty was extremely knowledgeable and friendly and got me my information right away and I do appreciate her help.
But the representative was very courteous and she tried her best but unfortunately the effort was not to the level that I expected.
Barbara was her name was very courteous and answered everything that I needed to know.
This young lady was very helpful and gave me information that I needed and didn't know I needed.
The lady Maria was extremely nice and helpful and will get back with me with the final results.
The girl was very helpful and she did what I asked.
The girl was very (unclear) and straight to the point.
The young lady on the other end of the phone was very pleasant very knowledgeable and understood my problems.
Ashley I talked to a girl named Ashley and she was very polite and very informative.
Lisa was really helpful and did everything that I needed done.
The young lady who helped me was very polite very quick in getting the information that she needed.
The lady was an absolute sweetheart and extremely helpful and explained things to someone who had no idea of the understanding of the coverage.
She was very courteous professional and knowledgeable about the information you know I needed and the questions that I asked.
(unclear) was very helpful and she did everything I needed.
She had something else last year and she was very helpful.
She was sociable and she explained everything in detail.
Kelly was my guide for the conversation and she did an excellent job was very courteous and very efficient.
But she was very thorough in how she handled it.
She was really courteous found the information I needed and made me very happy.
Well Cynthia was very helpful and I appreciated all the information.
The lady was very nice and I got all the information I needed so.
Michelle was very considerate nice and polite and gave me the information I needed.
Tamia was the girl that I talked to on the telephone and she was very very helpful and very polite.
She was very knowledgeable very helpful so she took care of all my problems.
So the little girl that I talked to was quite helpful and treated me with great respect.
She speaked so rapidly.
The girl was really good and totally walked me through everything.
The young lady I spoke to was very nice very knowledgeable and took care of my question and it was a very good experience.
she was very polite and she explained everything.
She was very comprehensive and she resolved the problem.
The girl was very kind really very willing to help and gave me what I needed.
The girl was stellar in her professionalism and her knowledge and she got me straightened out.
She was very courteous and it was a pleasure speaking to her.
The young lady I spoke to today was very mannerly polite and gave me all kinds of information and I have absolutely no complaints and I highly recommend her.
She was a lovely lady to speak with very knowledgeable and professional and gave me all the answers I needed.
She was very pleasant and got me all the information I needed.
The call that I had today just now the woman was very informative very courteous and she helped me out a lot.
I was completely satisfied with the representative she was wonderful and she was very helpful to my problems and my questions.
She brought she was so sweet and patient she brought tears to my eyes.
The young lady I spoke with was very pleasant very informative and very helpful and got my minor issue resolved.
Her voice sounded as if she was so far away.
She wasn't rude or anything but just the language barrier.
And she talked to me very nice and helped me.
she was knowledgeable and she did help me out.
She got all the information and was extremely helpful.
The lady Kristine was very knowledgeable and she checked everything out for us.
And she was absolutely delightful through out our conversation and.
The lady was very professional and she kept with it until she found the right information for me and she was very polite and kind.
I talked to a very helpful woman and we had very interesting conversations and I'm very very satisfied and I'm very glad that I got her.
Everything was very thorough and the lady I dealt with was very nice.
Connie was very explicit and gave us the information we needed and I thanked her.
She was very polite and she helped me with my answers.
The girl I spoke to she was really nice and friendly and she was very helpful.
She expedited everything and was friendly but professional too.
She was very helpful and efficient and took care of everything you know without any problems.
She was very helpful and she tried to help me the best she could and she did help.
But she was most helpful and made me feel at ease.
she was very professional and got me the answers I needed.
Amber was very kind and I got through and she understood exactly what I was asking about and she was very helpful so I have no complaints.
Pamela was extremely helpful and solved my problem very quickly and it was somewhat complex.
She was very professional and she took care of all my needs.
But she was very helpful in giving me some options.
The girl was very friendly and took care of the problem.
She was really patient while I kind of rambled on.
Lauren was very helpful friendly thorough understanding and she knew what she was doing.
The little girl that answered the phone for me was so courteous and so well spoken.
I got exactly what I needed and the woman was very smart and courteous and polite.
She was very patient and gave me all the information I needed.
Lady was very courteous and knew what she was doing.
My contact was Anita and she was very helpful.
The person was very patient with me and very positive and really showed walked me through some steps and I think she should be training other employees.
She did very good very soft spoken and calmed me down quite a bit.
She was the sweetest girl and she just was so polite and she got the information I needed and I was very pleased with my call.
I found that I spoke to Jewel and she was very knowledgeable.
I'm sorry to say that the girl that answered the phone first was very she was very nice and very helpful.
I enjoyed talking with her and she was very helpful.
Demaris was awesome and she resolved our issue very quickly and very efficiently.
Cynthia was extremely helpful and she took care of my issue.
I was very satisfied with the young lady that waited on me she was very special very responsible and knew exactly what she needed to tell me.
Nothing everything was perfect the young lady was very nice and I got what I needed to know.
No she was courteous nice and answered everything.
she was very courteous she was very helpful and she got me the answers I needed.
She even checked me to make sure I was in the system and I was and I had my physical taken also and she was just very polite and very helpful.
She was very helpful and resolved my issue immediately.
the lady was very polite and she handled our.
Everything I my representative that I spoke to was Amanda and she was very helpful and very pleasant to talk to.
She was very helpful and patient and took care of everything that she could.
The lady was very helpful and explained it clearly.
