She was excellent and I have no problems.
her name was Natasha and she was very polite and knowledgeable.
Linda was my customer service agent and she was excellent.
The girl was very polite very thorough and I can call anytime.
Chenille was phenomenal and did a superb job in helping us.
She was patient with me and you have a very good employee.
She was very nice and very respectable so I would just leave it like it is.
The lady was so nice to me and was so helpful.
The lady was very nice everything perfect with you.
She was very helpful very concerned about my issue.
I guess she was from the Philippines but she was extremely knowledgeable and extremely helpful.
She was very pleasant and hospitable so I'd give her from a scale of 1-10 I give her a 10.
But she was very patient with you.
Except the lady was very nice and very polite and I was in a hurry.
She was a lot of help and she had a lot of patience.
Everything went smoothly and the gal was very nice and very patient.
Jasmine was very easy to work with and she accomplished all my.
She was very nice and I'm very happy with her.
Everything was just fine Julia was very nice and courteous.
Frances did a wonderful job and he was very thorough and there wasn't anything better you could have done.
I thought she was quite a nice lady.
And she was perfectly willing to help me.
The rep was very professional and she did everything she could to help me.
Connie was very nice and changed my primary care physician and I'm all set.
So she was very pleasant and I appreciate.
Cynthia was the agent and she was very good.
Mary was very helpful with me.
She is very hard of hearing so I call.
Angela was very helpful to me.
She made it very simple.
she knew what she was doing and she was very nice.
The lady was really nice and you had cordial conversations.
It was great and I wanted to say Sonya was exceptionally helpful.
She was very efficient and I appreciated your help.
Megan today was very helpful but its nothing got resolved.
Tasha was extremely helpful to me.
She was very pleasant and I appreciated that.
Her name is Tinia and she was so extremely helpful that she spent all.
She was perfectly you know articulate and helped me in every way.
She did everything I wanted and she was very good.
She was very thorough very professional and the best I've had so far.
She was very helpful knowledgeable knew what.
She was precise and actually I am so happy with United Care service.
She was very nice and I enjoyed the conversation.
Ursula was excellent she was very helpful and I made my payment without a lot of time.
Pamela was exceptional in her treatment and service.
You've always been very helpful to me.
Susan was a delightful lady to do business with.
And she was very sweet wished me a Happy Birthday.
And she was very patient with me.
Her tone was very calming you know when you get all excited about trying to handle something but she was very calming.
The young lady was very professional and I ended up with the transaction completed quickly.
She was very thorough and it wasn't time consuming.
She was very nice she took care of my color guard.
So it wasn't her fault that she was very kind and informative.
Jillian was excellent in her performance.
I mean she was very nice and was very helpful.
And she was very knowledgeable and not in a hurry and did a great job.
She acted so (unclear).
I was patient and she was patient with me.
The gal was nice and better (unclear) I think (unclear).
I spoke with a young lady named Rachel and she was very helpful and she couldn't have been any nicer.
Tara has always been very professional and all the representatives have as well.
The girl that worked with me was very quick very efficient and I appreciated what she did.
Sylvia was very pleasant and as far as I'm concerned quite excellent in her service.
Everything was fine and Maya was a very fine young lady that helped me.
I was handled very nicely and the Christina was very helpful and sociable.
The girl I spoke to she was very kind efficient and very helpful.
But it was easy to call and she was very nice.
She was kind and I could understand her.
She was knowledgeable she was polite professional just absolutely wonderful.
She was absolutely the best and I appreciate that.
The it she was very helpful to me and very obliging.
She was very helpful but she talked too much.
So she took care of business very proficient.
Allie was very pleasant and there's nothing else that could've been done she did everything.
Carla was exceptional at helping me.
The woman was wonderful she was a pleasure to talk to.
But then again she was very helpful very articulate and I will sleep better tonight.
She was sympathetic professional and understanding and gave me hare information.
She was just nice to me.
She was eager to help.
she had great respect.
She did a great job and it was a very pleasant experience.
Monica was very good at helping me find a new doctor.
Amy was outstanding and wonderful.
She was spectacular happy and actually made my day.
She was very personable pleasure to talk to.
She was very very good and I wouldn't want any improvement at all.
Jill was wonderful very patient everything.
Linda was very professional and helped me out immediately.
Because (unclear) she was very helpful I think (unclear) is very good no problems.
Julie handled very well.
She was right on the money and very helpful.
She was awesome very efficient cordial and I would recommend this lady to promoted.
And she was really nice talking to me.
But she was really nice about it.
She was pleasant to speak to.
Sherry was very professional about helping me out and I'm grateful.
Everything was perfect and the girl that helped me was very nice.
The lady I spoke with was very nice very sweet and she solved my problem right away.
Brandon brightened my day and was a true professional and made me happy.
She did everything right and she was just very nice.
The lady was very nice and service was good.
It was good service and she was very polite and (unclear).
The young lady I believe her name is Rachel was extremely sweet and kind and efficient.
And she was very helpful and (unclear) spoken.
Davina she was a nice woman she helped me a lot.
And she was compassionate and kind hearted at the same time.
I thought she was very good as a representative.
She was helpful and she was speedy about it all.
Christina was an immaculate representative of your company who made me feel very well taken care of.
She finally connected me to the right department that I was supposed to be at and the young lady Alle was very kind very patient very thorough.
She was very patient with me and having her to repeat.
The lady was extremely helpful and I have no complaints whatsoever.
The young lady was very cordial very nice and she got a solution.
You're doing great as is and my representative was cheerful and had a smile in her voice and was efficient.
She was very professional and she helped me out big time.
Miss Julie was a great help to me.
She was quick about it and very courteous.
She was really excellent and you're lucky to have her.
She was very compassionate in every single way.
I had Lucy and she was absolutely not only delightful but informative.
She was peppy and happy and made me happy.
Jinx was her name she was very nice very helpful.
My experience with Anna was very positive.
Everything was great and the representative Erica was her name was very helpful.
But she was definitely looking into things and very helpful.
She was most courteous and a good representative of my insurance company.
She was very nice and I didn't mind waiting.
She was excellent she was professional and she got the job done.
a girl named Mary and she was very efficient and I'm glad I gave her the call.
Miss Gray was very helpful and I'm so happy I got my answers.
She was very sweet to talk to.
Both girls were really helpful and everything was solved.
Humera was very helpful and kind and I don't think you could have done anything better.
She was an excellent lady and she serviced me very well.
The lady was very helpful for me today.
The girl was very helpful and I have nothing.
She was very helpful and had a lot of patience.
She was very helpful and you guys are great.
She was very nice polite and got the job done.
Her name was Robin very efficient and more than patient and knows her job inside and out.
The gal was really nice and I appreciate that.
Michelle is very customer orientated and she generally seems to care about her customers.
She was very helpful and patient with me.
Jasmine my customer service rep was so kind so upbeat and so helpful.
She was just very good to talk with.
She was excellent and helpful in every way.
She was professional she was polite she was caring.
She was absolutely wonderful with me.
She was wonderful and she's definitely an asset to UHC.
She was very good and I hope you.
Most of all she was so pleasant in answering.
She was just great and I think that's wonderful.
She was fantastic and charming at the end.
Because she was wonderful lady.
Roxanne was very professional and the other gentleman was great as well with information dates and dollar amounts on checks.
She was a real sweetheart and she's an attribute to your company and she did.
She was polite courtesy and with a good tone.
She was super professional and got the job done.
My girl Destiny was very helpful courteous.
She was patient courteous and all that stuff.
Actually Tina was wonderful and she was very helpful.
She was great and she's very companionate in assisting me with my problem.
Kayla was a lot of help and a pleasure to talk to.
The lady was very knowledgeable and I don't have anything that needs to be changed.
She is very very good at her job.
(Unclear) was very nice very pleasant and she took care of everything really well.
It went very well Brittany was very helpful and cheerful and I'm happy.
I was born intersex so I'm male and female but I'm medically female.
You've been good.
She was just chatty and happy and just excellent customer service.
Haley is excellent and knows her stuff.
Everything was great the girl was very courteous very knowledgeable she expedite my payment so everything was fantastic.
My representative today was Cheyenne she was very good very thorough.
But she was very pleasant to talk to.
She was most helpful and a pleasure to speak with.
And she was very patient with me.
Anne was incredible and she should be promoted.
She was just as pleasant as could be and helped me so much.
Both Bianca and Alex were very exceptional representatives.
So she is very good and I had a very pleasant experience when she's taking care of my.
She was polite respectful knowledgeable compassionate anything you can expect in an employee she was top of the line.
She was very nice very patient and I don't think there was anything much better you could have done.
The lady that helped me was extremely nice and helpful.
Everything was great and the young lady that helped me was very helpful.
But the girl was as courteous and respectful as she could be.
She was a very amazing young lady that I spoke with.
She was Erica was wonderful helpful and patient with me.
So she made me very happy.
My (unclear) Natalie is very good at her job.
She was just great and I really appreciate it.
She was outstanding and knowledgeable of her workforce.
She was very helpful and she deserves a raise.
She resolved the problem with being so very nice about it.
She was great and I appreciated all the service.
So she did an excellent job and she was very thorough.
But she was extremely helpful Katherine was.
The young lady was very friendly very helpful and I didn't have to wait.
Christen was great this morning.
She was very thorough and I'm very pleased with her.
She was very nice and I enjoyed it.
Daniela was excellent in fact she was perfect.
Adrienne was very helpful to me.
Nothing could be done better Jasmine was beautiful wonderful and very helpful.
She was so courteous and appreciated and just went way beyond pleasing me.
She was very efficient and did her job very pleasantly.
The girl was very efficient and I'm very pleased with the service.
She was very knowledgeable of everything and exceptionally easy to work with.
Annabella was an excellent person and she did more for me than all the representatives together.
But she was great very helpful and that's it.
Maria was fantastic and when I was.
Her name was Lisa and she was just so helpful and she's not through yet.
The lady did a wonderful job and she was incredibly helpful.
But today was good she was very helpful in every way.
There is not anything you could've done better because the lady was very helpful and very sweet and I.
The lady was very helpful and got everything setup for me so I'm all set.
The lady was so nice very helpful and I wouldn't change anything.
It was a little longer than usual but she was being very thorough and I appreciate that.
She is wonderful patient compassionate.
Actually everything was very everybody Missy was very helpful and efficient.
Victoria was very helpful and there's nothing you could have done better.
She had a calming soothing voice because I was a little upset.
the young lady was very knowledgeable so it was all a 4.
But she really was very nice and very.
So it was fine the lady was very nice.
she was very polite to me.
So she was very professional very friendly and these are the kind of people that you want to reward or keep on.
The only thing had a young lady named Kameisha very sweet very efficient.
She was courteous she was just very good at her job.
Chelsa was very nice there was nothing that you could do better.
Daniella was excellent and I'm grateful for her help today.
The girl yesterday was really nice but she couldn't get through.
Lenora was very courteous and helpful and explained everything and everything nothing it couldn't have been a better phone experience.
Meagan was very good to work with.
And her courtesy and how sweet she was and informative.
Joanna was so nice to hire such a great person.
Her soft spoken voice was hard to understand.
she was just great on the phone.
She was very good and that's all I can say.
Julie was my representative and she did a really good job.
She was very knowledgeable friendly and a joy in speaking with.
She was a 150% knowledgeable was patient was kind understanding.
Aretha worked so very hard.
She worked very hard.
She was very knowledgeable she had patience.
So she was superb in her actions today.
Well the lady was very nice Andrea.
I thought she was in Taiwan or someplace but she was very nice and helpful.
Otherwise Beatrice was just as good as she can be.
Laura is wonderful she's terrific.
But she was very courteous and she really genuinely tried to help.
She was very helpful she did something.
She was very wonderful on Friday and I'm very happy with her.
The lady was so very helpful to me.
The girl that took care of me was very sweet very nice and very helpful.
She was absolutely wonderful and she did a great job.
Lady was very nice and helped me.
I talked to someone named Janetta and she as very kind and she's very efficient.
spoke with a young lady named Kris and she was absolutely fabulous in the help that she gave me.
The young lady that took care of me was very nice very polite.
She put me completely at ease and I'm highly satisfied.
Allegra was competent friendly pleasant and worked as quickly as I think she probably could have.
She was very polite and I recommend her again.
I don't know her name but she was very good very onboard very helpful.
The lady was very proficient at her job.
And she was just absolutely wonderful and just wonderful and again her name was Theresa.
She was terrific except her pronunciation was not as Anglo as it could have been but she was quite good.
She was most helpful and just a pleasure to deal with.
The lady was so nice to me.
She was very good and I'd give her.
The lady was just so wonderful in describing and explaining my benefits.
And it was Ms Marie and she had a lot of patience and she was very caring.
Rebecca was tremendous and time wait was good.
But she was very pleasant to talk to.
She was really a gem and really made my day.
She was very efficient and I didn't need any.
The girl was great and that's about it.
Amanda was very helpful and I don't have any suggestions.
So Tori was excellent on this.
And she was very nice person.
She was very thorough very kind and I'm always pleased if I have to call.
She was very courteous and handled it very well.
And the girl on the end was very pleasant and very helpful.
Melanie was terrific and explained everything.
Everything worked out fine and Priscilla was a very informative and professional CSR.
Miss Becky was very extremely helpful to me.
It was very beautiful and she fixed our problem very well.
She was a very good person to talk to.
Mary was absolutely delightful professional patient and just a joy to deal with today on the phone.
Lilly was absolutely super and friendly and trying to get everything to my satisfaction.
The lady was very helpful to me.
Salina was wonderful and my husband talked to a Gianna on Monday and she was absolutely incredible.
Aaliyah was a pleasure to work with.
And like I said she was very helpful.
She was very friendly and informative and nothing could've been done better.
We had a wonderful woman Luvline from Florida who was extremely helpful.
The girl was very helpful and she's doing all she can to help me.
Peelar was exceptional in the way that she treated me.
but the girl was very very nice and so was Tom earlier.
And she was light hearted in some ways that I just really liked.
She was very helpful and she couldn't have done anything better.
And the young lady that helped me was very polite and she knew.
Tina was very nice and knew what she was talking about.
She was perfect talking but the background noise was.
She was so sweet and so kind and I'm so old and can't figure out anything.
She was very kind and polite and so were the other ones yesterday.
Katrina was the one that handled my problem and she was excellent and very professional.
Now the girl was a very lovely girl and she tried to help me.
The young lady that helped me was very courteous friendly and efficient.
That's how good she was and very helpful.
This lady was very good with me.
Very helpful and she was a little sweetheart talking to me.
It was the lady who helped me was just special and she was terrific.
You've helped and Kendra was very good in looking up information.
It was a very good experience and Toby just was as nice as she could be.
She was most helpful and I could not have been more pleased with her help.
She was very nice she was polite she was helpful.
She did very good and I highly recommend her.
She was very nice and made the call so easy.
She was a pleasure to talk to.
Very pleasant young lady from Greensboro North Carolina.
But the young lady named Rhia from the Philippines was very kind and very able.
Tammy was fantastic we were so pleased with her patience her detailed and her concerned.
She was very helpful and I really.
She has a beautiful smile and a beautiful personality and her smile lights up the phone.
And the lady could've been kind and she didn't knowledgeable about her job.
I could understand everything and she was very nice and everything was perfect.
She was absolutely wonderful in my (unclear) responses.
She was very kind and I really can't recommend anything.
The girl Judy that took care of me was very very good.
She was very she kept me very much informed.
Everything was my satisfaction the girl was very knowledgeable.
So she was great thanks.
She was even compassionate because I was panicked about coverage and Jasmine was awesome.
But other than that she was very nice very helpful and so have the past representatives.
I was very talkative and she was very patient.
The (unclear) lady that helped me was very cordial and precise so four stars.
But Lisa was the one that helped me and she was just wonderful.
Speedy manner and anyway she was very pleasant and helpful and it didn't take a long time on the phone.
the lady was just nice and courteous to me.
The women was very gracious she did everything she need to.
Gregory was wonderful and I'm really happy.
Jessica was a good informant and she really helped me.
You could done nothing better because everything was taken care of and the woman was very nice and pleasant and was just like a normal person.
The lady was very helpful to me.
Jane was very right on top of everything.
She was very helpful and I'm just learning how this system works.
Sheryl was a great help and everything worked out fine.
Wanda was wonderful but I just.
The young lady her name was Courtney was very helpful very pleasant for so early in the morning and just a delight to work with.
She was very apologetic about it so.
And my representative her name was Deborah was very efficient very helpful and very pleasant to talk to.
She was a wonderful girl to talk to.
The lady was very nice to me.
So the girl that helped us Kayla she was very helpful very courteous.
My assistant was (unclear) and she was wonderful very patient.
She was very nice to me.
And she's knowledgeable and she is very polite and she shows (unclear) to assist the client.
And she was very pleasant and we had a nice conversation.
She was very willing to help me.
And today Veronica was very nice and helped me quite a bit.
And she was very nice cordial sweet all of the above.
Miss Pamsy was just wonderful as was Tiffany customer service person earlier today.
The girl was very nice to me.
She was very fine and I'm happy with her.
Tracey was an excellent representative and she covered everything very well.
She was very business like and I appreciate everything she did.
Stacy was so helpful she had a lot of patience very polite.
And I've spoken with her before and she's always been so cooperative and so helpful.
Well she was very nice I like her.
And the girl was very professional that I talked with so I'm very satisfied.
I was talking with (unclear) and she was very just a wonderful was a wonderful help.
She talked to me very well.
I don't remember the ladies name but she was very helpful and knowledgeable.
She was very knowledgeable and she just made me feel a whole lot better.
I don't know what the girl's name was but she was very good and very helpful.
Brandy was very nice very polite and 1 2 3 it was taken care of.
She was excellent in her knowledge and customer service.
This girl was very efficient she really looked into it.
She was very pleasant and helped me.
I was totally satisfied lovely lady.
Annabelle was very helpful as your customer representative.
She was really good and I really liked United Health Service.
She followed through and she was very kind patient and customer focused.
She was funny and she took absolutely wonderful care of me.
Although she was very nice and did what she could.
Melissa was very thorough and should be acknowledged for such.
Amy was just absolutely fabulous in terms of customer care support.
But she was very helpful pleasant and appreciated her.
Lisa was very accommodating and a pleasure to do business with.
The lady was fantastic I really enjoyed her.
She was articulate and things went great for me.
She was a fantastic woman to speak to a spectacular person not only a woman but give Melissa a raise.
She was an expert at what she does.
She was very nice and very helpful so everything went OK.
Everything was handled appropriately and the girl was very courteous (Unclear) I believe her name was.
Very personable and she took care of everything.
She was very sweet and that's the only time I have had to call.
She was very excellent in her information and her everything she did for me.
Michelle was incredibly professional very personable kind and took care of the changing of my PCP to a doctor up here where I live.
I think that the young lady is really very good at what she does.
You've been very helpful as always.
Ms Barbara is good at customer service she good in her (unclear) Ms Barbara has a beautiful smile and a beautiful personality.
Nothing she was very efficient and I appreciated her help.
The girl did excellent work.
She was very good and she helped me out.
And she was such an understanding person.
Your representative Carrie was outstanding and I was very satisfied.
She was very nice but she had foreign accent.
The lady was very pleasant and she did what she could to help me.
The lady that I worked with was knowledgeable and (unclear) to be helpful so that worked very well.
So the woman that (unclear) on me was extremely friendly and courteous.
Lydia was terrific polite she helped.
The young lady was very helpful and she was very professional.
The girl that was helping me was very courteous and she did everything just right.
Belinda was a joy to speak with.
Yes she was very nice very courtesy and everything was fine.
The young lady happened to be outrageous and very good and to the point.
The lady was so helpful so polite so concerned.
The lady was very nice and I find that (unclear) is very nice to deal with.
Everything was very thorough it was wonderful she was very informative.
She was very patient with me.
Stephanie was extremely sweet nice professional and you can't improve upon perfection.
Amelia was wonderful and I certainly do appreciate it.
She was helpful and she also asked of my husband's well being.
She handled it beautifully and so great.
The girl was your representative was very informative had a lot of patience with me and really made me feel great.
She was very patient with me so everything was great.
Michelle was absolutely fabulous took care of everything in a very timely manner so timeliness was great.
Everything was really satisfactory and Katie was very helpful and wonderful.
She was kind her voice was sweet she explained everything.
She was very nice and helped me and it's all good.
The girl done real good.
And she was just extremely pleasant and efficient and took care of it right away.
The young lady named Brenda did a very good job.
I mean she was exceptionally great you know courteous professional.
And really she was extremely polite and patient.
She was very kind and as long as what she gave me was accurate we should be good to go.
Yes she was very nice very prompt I think she could tell I was kind of in a hurry so very professional.
The lady I spoke to was very pleasant very efficient and very good and got me Everything I needed to get done even more than I thought.
(Unclear) she was really good about getting clarity.
The rep was very efficient and it was nothing that she could've done.
So she was a pleasure to work with.
The lady was very nice and satisfied my needs.
She was a great help and I'm very happy.
The lady was very nice and she's getting things straightened out and I thank y'all so much.
But Evelyn was a wonderful help to me.
And she was very knowledgeable (unclear) was going on.
She was just polite as she could be.
The young lady was very very pleasant and keep going like you are.
The woman was very pleasant Cynthia and she resolved my problem ASAP.
The representative was wonderful she was kind and knowledgeable.
Allison was very professional and handled this situation very nicely.
Anita was very helpful for me today.
I had the sweetest representative and she was really really helpful.
Everything was just fine the girl was very helpful to me.
She was very knowledgeable delightful and she went out of her way to help me.
You're all very good there and Bridget was extremely helpful to me.
Everything was very good and the lady was very pleasant and helped me a lot.
The lady was very nice and I'm satisfied with the call.
I'm 85 years old and she was very patient with me.
Very courteous and she spent a lot of time with me.
Not a thing she was the greatest person and she was so very nice.
Nothing Roxanne was very kind and understanding.
She was wonderful to work with.
she was I mean she was an exceptional person.
She was very nice to me and I understand.
I spoke with (unclear) and she was just the most claim and polite and kind calming person.
Nothing it was a good experience Tamika was fantastic very satisfied very happy.
Alexis was above and beyond helpful.
she was very nice and what can I say that's it.
She was very patient with me.
Really there wasn't anything that she could've done better (unclear) remarkably good job she was very pleasant and very helpful.
Everything was fine and the young lady we were talking to was very fine very professional very articulate.
She was great to talk to and she was very knowledgeable.
The second girl in the enrollment was excellent and very good with her diction.
The woman Connie was very polite and very efficient so there was nothing better.
The everything's just fine and the lady that was I was talking with is very pleasant and very knowledgeable.
She spoke very good to me.
I had perfect service from a customer service agent named Amanda and she was very professional and efficient.
I've been very happy and I learned a lot.
She was such a sweet heart and she really cared and that's important.
Everything went fine and the gal that helped me her name is Alynne was very helpful very pleasant.
