Jewel was very personable very caring very interested and very thorough.
She was a very good person and a very attendant one.
Angela today was very helpful efficient and kind.
She was very friendly very helpful very nice.
The lady was very polite very professional.
The lady was very helpful very polite very good.
She was very gracious and a good person for your company.
The young lady was very helpful very nice.
She was very helpful just very courteous very professional.
So again Leandra was very helpful patient and very professional.
She was very nice and kind.
She was a very respectful and kind individual.
I thought she was very efficient very nice and very caring.
She was very good very nice very professional.
The girl was very helpful and very enjoyable to speak with.
The young lady who I spoke with was very very knowledgeable very polite and very professional.
Christina was very helpful and very polite and pleasant to talk to.
The young lady was very helpful and I'm very pleased.
Jasmine was friendly personable excellent.
Desiree was very helpful and very cordial and nice to work with.
Samantha was amazing (unclear) professional real kind patient and courteous.
The lady was very helpful very friendly.
Shamika was a very helpful very pleasant person and very knowledgeable.
Lauren was very helpful very courteous and very professional thank you.
She was very courteous and patient with me.
Representative Sally was so helpful kind polite and friendly.
The young lady was very courteous and kind.
Barbara was very professional very helpful and very good.
Lauren was very good very smart very elegant talking.
The young lady (unclear) was very helpful and very nice.
Monique was very kind and sweet and just a very good person.
The young lady was very nice and very courtesy.
The lady is very kind and speak very clearly and professionally.
She was very sweet very kind and very patient.
The young lady was very helpful and very courteous.
Well Heather was very friendly and nice.
She was very courteous very knowledgeable and I appreciate that.
She was very helpful very polite (unclear).
Mary was very delightful and helpful professional lady.
The young lady was helpful polite and very nice.
Anne is very responsive very courteous very professional very helpful.
Jennifer was very polite professional and knowledgeable.
The girl was very knowledgeable and very nice.
The lady was very efficient and very nice.
She was a very polite and acknowledgeable person.
The lady was very nice very cordial and very helpful.
The lady was very efficient very nice very courteous.
She was very very very courteous and very kind.
She was just fantastic very sweet kind.
The girl was extremely nice polite and knowledgeable.
The young lady was very nice cordial very easy to understand.
The lady was very very helpful for me.
But Liz was very helpful and very kind.
She was very professional very attentive and everything was nice.
The lady was so kind to me and very respectful.
Jackie was very helpful very pleasant and that's it.
She was very very good very thorough very professional.
Dolores was very nice very helpful and (unclear) because I'm easily confused.
Glenda was a delight to talk to very informative very professional.
She was very helpful and more important very very knowledgeable and I couldn't ask for better.
She was very patient very courteous.
So she was very well trained and a very well representative of your corporation.
She was very good thorough consistent very professional.
The young woman was very helpful very kind.
She was very polite very kind and very professional.
She was very kind courteous professional and knowledgeable.
She was very delightful pleasant it was a very positive experience.
The lady was very efficient and everyone I always get is very efficient and very kind.
She was very friendly and very helpful and one of the politest people I've ever dealt with.
She was very pleasant very engaging very patient.
She did a wonderful job she was very polite and very friendly.
Michelle was very professional very polite and very friendly.
She very nice she very courteous.
The lady was very nice and very professional.
The girl was very nice and very knowledgeable.
The girl was very helpful and very kind and spoke very nice.
The young lady was excellent very helpful and very professional.
She was very professional very helpful and very patient listening to me.
And she was very cooperative and very knowledgeable too.
The young lady was very nice friendly and efficient.
Shawntra was very helpful very courteous very pleasant.
She was very kind very compassionate and just really very professional.
And she was very efficient very good wonderful.
The young lady was very polite and very.
The young lady was very nice and courteous.
Sara was very courteous extremely helpful and sincere and knowledgeable.
She was very courteous very kind very thorough.
She was very informative very professional.
She was absolutely incredible very helpful very professional and I was very pleased.
The young lady Crystal Lynne was very helpful and very sweet.
She is very nice pleasant person.
She was very polite very nice lady.
She was very nice and polite and you have really good customer service.
She was very professional informative helpful courteous and she was very thorough and very caring.
The lady was so polite so respectful and kind.
And she was very kind very concerned and very passionate.
She was very professional very friendly very understanding.
Sharon was very helpful and very patient with me.
The woman who helped me out was very patient and very good and very understanding and compassionate.
She a very warm sweet hearted kindhearted person and she was very helpful.
The young lady was very knowledgeable and kind.
the lady was really nice and very efficient and very professional.
She was very helpful very courteous very kind.
The young lady I spoke to was very very nice and polite and very helpful.
So anyhow the lady was real nice to me and very courteous and helpful.
She was wonderful kind generous and extremely knowledgeable.
The lady was extremely helpful pleasant attentive and knowledgeable.
Audra was very helpful very knowledgeable and it was a very positive experience.
The young lady that helped me out was very professional and very kind and very friendly.
She was very professional and a very nice young lady.
She was professional and patient and just a stellar job.
She was very pleasant very helpful very she was just very very good.
she was very kind very helpful very understanding.
The lady was very nice and courteous to me.
She was very professional but very helpful and courteous and knowledgeable and patient with my questions and I really.
She was very accommodating very knowledgeable very friendly.
The young lady was very friendly very helpful.
That's ridiculous but the lady was very friendly and very nice.
Rosalyn was so helpful so kind and compassionate.
Tracy was very professional very courteous and really very nice.
She was extremely capable efficient and very kind.
Joshua was very kind and sweet.
Was very nice she was very friendly very thorough very knowledgeable.
She was very professional very courteous and very kind and it is a pleasure speaking to her.
She was very patient and very kind.
She was very courteous very knowledgeable.
She was very informative and a very nice person.
The girl was very polite very courteous about everything.
The lady was perfect very polite courteous and knowledgeable.
She was very courteous and kind and very helpful in a very quick way.
She was very informative very knowledgeable extremely polite.
She was very helpful very nice.
The young lady was very gracious and friendly.
The girl was very knowledgeable and she was very kind and considerate.
She was very kind and spoke very well.
The lady was very helpful very polite very nice.
She was lovely informative wonderful.
She was well knowledgeable courteous and real professional.
She was a very nice and helpful person.
Alexis was extremely professional efficient respectful kind and a pleasure.
The lady was very helpful very sweet very polite.
And the young lady was very respectful and very professional.
She was very professional very compassionate very caring.
She was great knowledgeable and very exciting to talk to.
The little girl was very nice and very helpful and.
She was very professional and very knowledgeable and helped me a great deal.
The lady that helped me was very courteous very nice and very helpful.
And she was very knowledgeable and very kind.
The lady that helped me was very very nice and very very informative.
I had a very nice lady who was very polite and helpful.
The lady that helped me was very very nice and polite and very helpful.
The lady was extremely knowledgeable sweet and very easy to speak to.
The girl was wonderful and polite and courteous.
The lady was very nice and very professional.
The lady was nice and friendly and caring.
Sherese is very kind and sweet and nice.
The lady was delightful and (unclear) very helpful and I'm completely satisfied.
She was very kind very professional very patient.
She was very professional and a great representative for UHC.
The lady was very helpful and polite and really well informed.
She was exceptionally professional kind and caring.
the lady was wonderful and polite kind funny.
Her voice very happy very upbeat person.
The young lady was very proficient and professional and personable.
And she was very knowledgeable and very respectful and kind.
And she did a very very good job and was so kind and very courteous.
The lady was very polite and nice but very hard to understand.
The woman was very nice and helpful and patient.
Cindy was very helpful very knowledgeable and very courteous and very prompt.
Today especially Desiree was very helpful very kind and very professional.
She was very helpful and very nice so thank you very much.
The lady was very polite and everything.
Yes the lady was extremely courteous and a great help.
And she was very patient and very kind.
The girl was very helpful and patient and courteous kind and I was very satisfied.
