Manuel was very good and very courteous on the phone.
My response was very timely and Brandon was very professional and polite.
The gentleman was very polite to the point and just very nice.
Frederick was very professional very warm and friendly and very helpful and I appreciate him.
He was very nice and very sweet.
The gentleman was very accurate and very polite.
He was very helpful very respectful.
He was very polite and helpful.
It was very cordial and very informative and very helpful.
He was very courteous and very nice.
Devia was very nice and very accommodating.
He was very pleasant very knowledgeable very polite very helpful and understanding.
And he was a very good man and very helpful too.
He was very kind courteous efficient and quick.
Sandy was very helpful and very clear and very professional.
He was very polite and very to the point.
he was very polite and very informative.
This young man was very informative and was very pleasant and kind and thoughtful.
Eden was very helpful very pleasant.
He was very solicitous very knowledgeable very kind.
Gabriel was wonderful and he was very helpful and knowledgeable.
He was excellent very nice very helpful.
So he was very nice and you know a very nice person.
The young man was so polite so kind and so patient.
He is very personable very friendly.
Rappy was very calming and very professional.
So he was very good and very knowledgeable.
The gentleman who helped me was also very nice and well informed.
He was very informative very polite.
He is knowledgeable and helpful.
He was very very helpful very polite and very kind.
So he was truly wonderful and very professional.
It was excellent and the representative was very nice and very sweet and very efficient.
Malaysia was very helpful and very prompt.
Kevin was very helpful and very pleasant and he was great.
They were very courteous and very helpful.
The young man was very experienced and very good.
He was totally knowledgeable and very helpful.
Daniel was brilliant and a very good communicator.
Eli was very courteous and very helpful.
He is a very generous and kind man.
It was very pleasant and very helpful.
John was very knowledgeable very helpful.
the young man was very helpful and I'm very happy.
The guy was very nice and polite.
Dennis was very courteous and helpful.
The boy was very courteous and very fast.
The young man was very nice very informative very professional.
George was very courteous and thorough.
He was very knowledgeable very nice and with a good attitude and that means a lot.
He was very informative very polite and I highly recommend it.
The gentleman was very nice and courteous and I'm very happy with this call.
He was extremely helpful and very professional and kind along the way.
He was very polite knowledgeable and helpful and he deserves commended for that.
I was completely satisfied with the (unclear) was very knowledgeable and very courteous and very thorough.
The young man that helped me was wonderfully professional and extremely thorough and very kind and patient.
He was very pleasant and helpful.
He was sympathetic and understanding and (unclear) and really nice.
Tanner was great very professional and very helpful.
Nothing he was very good and very polite and very polite and very nice.
The representative was very personable and very proficient and professional and thank you very much bye bye.
Ricardo was very polite competent knowledgeable.
He was very concerned and he's an excellent representative.
James was courteous and nice.
Alex was very courteous and cordial.
Shawndra was very professional and very helpful.
Joseph was very helpful and very courteous and very professional.
Keeisha was very professional very understandable and very knowledgeable about the UHC product.
So he was very nice and really helpful.
Augustine and he was very helpful and very professional.
The gentleman was very kind and nice and he did great.
He was professional courteous well spoken.
Shane was very helpful and very patient.
Andrew was informative and knowledgeable.
DeAngelo is very courteous and very helpful.
He was kind and very gentle and I was very satisfied 100%.
He was pleasant professional and courteous.
He was kind very patient and very thorough.
William was very kind and very pleasant.
Julius was the person I spoke with and he was very courteous and very nice and very helpful.
He was very helpful and very nice.
His name is John and he was very pleasant professional friendly and knowledgeable so it was very good.
The gentleman was very respectful very knowledgeable very competent in his job.
And he was very personable and very friendly.
Aaron was a perfect gentleman and he was knowledgeable and extremely helpful.
Today Eric was very helpful and informative and very professional.
The guy was very nice and thoughtful.
He was exceedingly helpful (unclear) and very informative.
I think he was very nice and helpful.
Denan was very efficient very gracious.
He was very helpful very courteous and very understanding.
No he was very pleasant very happy.
He was very professional and very helpful.
He was so knowledgeable and so nice and he was very very helpful.
Mr Alex is very professional kind and patient.
The gentleman was very kind and very knowledgeable.
I was very pleased with him and he was very kind and very thoughtful.
He was very thoughtful and friendly and did it very quickly.
The gentleman was very polite and very good.
He was extremely nice and very helpful.
Makia was delightful professional prompt and knowledgeable.
Carl was the representative and he was most helpful and very polite very professional.
The gentleman was very accommodating and very nice.
He was very kind very patient and very informative.
And he was very thorough and a really good communicator.
He was polite courteous and did an excellent job.
Kevin was very good with being polite considerate and very thorough.
He was very professional very courteous and very kind and I sure appreciate his service.
He was really excellent informative and friendly.
And he was very helpful and very considerate.
Jamie was very helpful and informative.
Darius was very helpful and very impressive.
Gavin was exceptionally helpful and knowledgeable.
He was so polite so wonderful so helpful.
Chelsea was very professional and polite.
He was efficient and pleasant and couldn't be nicer.
He was excellent polite courteous professional and very efficient and helpful.
They were very courteous and very nice.
He was very good and very helpful.
And he was very good and very helpful.
Brandon was very efficient and professional.
He was very courteous and very nice.
The gentleman was knowledgeable and helpful and kind and very thorough.
The young man was very nice polite and very helpful.
The gentleman was very kind courteous and very informative.
Robert was very thorough and very helpful.
The guy was very very helpful very polite.
And he was very nice and he was very knowledgeable.
He was very helpful and very courteous and easy to talk to and I appreciate it.
he was great and very helpful.
He was so patient and very kind and very informative and wonderful so.
He was very kind and just very compassionate and helpful thank you.
He was very nice and very helpful.
He was really really professional and helpful and the whole bit.
He was very helpful and very personable.
Ivan was completely helpful and very thorough.
And was very helpful and courteous and he was very knowledgeable.
The young man was bright well spoken articulate thoughtful helpful.
David was a wonderful representative very kind and thoughtful and I appreciated his time.
They were very helpful and very pleasant.
He was very personable very nice.
he was very gentle very polite very patient.
He was very courtesy courteous and very knowledgeable and he handled the satiation just fast and properly.
Thomas was absolutely wonderful very helpful and very pleasant to speak with.
He was very great and very helpful.
He was very polite and he is a very good employee.
Garrett was absolutely very informative very helpful.
He was very thorough and he (unclear) excellent customer service.
He the gentleman was very helpful though.
But he was very helpful and very pleasant.
He was very pleasant and careful and very helpful.
He was very professional courteous and helpful.
Haley was very expressive and very personal and I'm highly satisfied.
And they were very polite and very nice and very very helpful.
He was very good and very polite very nice.
He was very generous very nice.
He was very cordial and very nice.
He was very sweet and kind.
He was very courteous knowledgeable and very professional and I appreciate it very much.
But he was very nice and very good and very professional.
Chris was very knowledgeable and patient and professional.
He was thorough complete and very professional.
He was very nice polite and informative.
He was very courteous and very friendly.
He was extremely knowledgeable and very helpful.
Paul was very knowledgeable and very nice.
The gentleman was excellent and he was very knowledgeable.
He was really nice polite and kind and very professional.
He was excellent courteous and gave excellent service.
But he was very kind and very polite.
he was very clear and concise so I'm happy.
This young man was also sweet and kind.
He was very nice and very pleasant.
Mark was very good very diligent very competent and very thorough.
He was very kind and nice.
