The representative was conscientious knowledgeable and was a great assistant.
The representative was very pleasant very cordial and very informative.
Nothing everyone was very courteous and kind and very helpful.
The agent was professional and thorough and kind.
The representative was extremely courteous and informative and wonderful.
The representative she was very courteous nice helpful.
The representative was very helpful and easy to understand.
The young man was knowledgeable and extremely pleasant.
The second time I was helped by Julia who was extremely helpful very businesslike and yet very very personable.
The young man was so courteous and helpful.
The customer service rep was very kind and very courteous and very helpful to.
The representative Jules was very professional and very nice.
Both ladies I talked to were extremely nice and extremely helpful.
The person I spoke to was extremely courteous extremely nice and very helpful.
This person was extremely professional and helpful.
The representative was very friendly and very informative.
The representative Crystal was very very knowledgeable and very pleasant and courteous.
The person was very engaging and nice to talk with.
The representative that I talked to was very super helpful and very kind and patient.
Dickey my representative was very kind and very helpful.
The person I spoke to was very very nice and very respectable.
Nothing the customer service rep was very helpful and very pleasant.
The person was very pleasant and professional.
Lisa your representative was very nice and helpful.
My representative was professional friendly and very helpful.
The representative was very polite and very informative.
The representative was very helpful and very pleasant.
The representative was very helpful and friendly and courteous.
Who was very helpful and very patient.
The representative was very helpful and very professional.
And the representative Rudy was extremely polite and friendly.
The representative was extremely helpful and very knowledgeable.
The employee was very helpful and knowledgeable.
The representative was real thorough and really good.
The representative I talked to was very informative and very sincere and very nice.
Nothing the gentleman was very helpful very helpful.
The representative was very professional and very patient.
The customer service rep was very helpful and very understanding and patient.
The representative was very considerate and helpful.
The representative was very informative very helpful and very professional.
The representative was absolutely great and very informative and very friendly and very helpful.
The operator was very courteous and sharp.
The gentleman I spoke to was so very courteous and so very helpful.
The people with whom I spoke were both very courteous and very nice and very helpful.
Our representative Miss Courtney and (unclear) was very friendly and helpful.
The person was very nice and very polite and very informative.
The gentleman was very very good at explaining it.
The experience is very helpful and the agent was very courteous and understanding.
The representative was very pleasant and friendly.
Your agent was very friendly and very nice and informative and I appreciated that.
And the representative was so polite and just very generous with his demeanor.
The representative was just very friendly and very receptive.
The representative was very very nice and helpful.
The young gentleman was very friendly and upbeat.
The person I spoke to was very good efficient and very polite.
Assistant was very nice and professional.
The representative that I had was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
The gentleman that handled it was very helpful and very courteous.
The representative was extremely pleasant and very helpful.
The person from your office was extremely pleasant and very clear.
Everybody was very knowledgeable very supportive and very friendly.
The gentleman that I spoke to was wonderful courteous kind and very informative.
The customer service rep was very helpful and very professional and very courteous.
My representative was very good and very upbeat.
The representative was very knowledgeable and very kind and I really appreciate that.
The young man that helped was very kind and respectful.
There was nothing the lady was very knowledgeable and very polite.
The representative was extremely helpful knowledgeable and very courteous.
The person that I spoke with was very nice very courteous very professional.
The representative was very nice and sweet and understanding.
The customer service person was extremely professional and very very helpful and courteous.
Your representative Alisha was very very kind very knowledgeable.
The representative was very professional and very helpful.
The caller was very polite and knowledgeable and professional.
The representative was very concise and informative.
Your clerk was very very nice and very helpful.
The representative was very nice and knowledgeable.
Everything was satisfactory and the representative was very courteous and helpful.
The associate was very informative pleasant and courteous.
The agent was very efficient and very professional.
The representative was courteous and helpful and friendly.
I was highly satisfied the representative was very personable and helpful.
The agent was very helpful very patient very understanding.
Not a thing she was very confident and very helpful.
The representative was very courteous very informative and very pleasant thank you.
Except that the gentleman was very friendly and helpful.
But your agent was very nice and very exquisite and very knowledgeable.
Nothing the gentleman was very cordial and very helpful.
The representative Virginia I talked to was very nice and very informative.
The lady that answered the phone was very polite very patient and very very helpful.
I think that the young man was very very polite and helpful.
Nothing the gentleman was knowledgeable and very kind and very respectful thank you.
Nothing everybody was very polite and nice and helpful.
But the representative I spoke to was very nice man and very respectable.
Aurora was the representative and she was very helpful very kindly and very accurate.
The associate today that helped me today was very kind very courteous and very helpful.
The representative was very thorough and she was very respectful.
It was a very very pleasant experience and I and the representative was very very knowledgeable and very very helpful.
Representative Lisa was very congenial and professional.
The representative was very knowledgeable and very pleasant to talk to.
Representative was very knowledgeable and very helpful and very pleasant.
The representative was very helpful and respectful and nice.
The representative was wonderful and extremely helpful.
Everyone was very polite very kind.
The representative was very knowledgeable professional helpful and patient.
The agent was very nice and personable.
The representative was great and very helpful.
The representative was very knowledgeable and pleasant.
The representative she was very helpful and very kind.
The person was very personable and helpful and it was a pleasant experience today.
The representative was very thorough and very helpful.
The agent was extremely helpful and patient and kind.
Everybody was very kind and helpful.
The representative was very professional pleasant a very nice person.
The gentleman I talked to was very polite very nice very helpful.
The representatives was very very knowledgeable and very friendly.
The agent was very kind considerate and very functional.
Otherwise the lady on the phone was excellent and very charming very helpful.
The young man was polite courteous and very informative.
The representative was very professional very pleasant and it was a very nice interaction.
The representative was very knowledgeable very pleasant.
Everybody was very helpful today and very polite very courteous.
The representative that I talked to was very knowledgeable and very polite and very helpful.
The gentleman was very gracious and very helpful and answered all questions.
The rep was very nice and very courteous and helped.
The person was quite professional and courteous.
The representative was very courteous and helpful.
The person I spoke to was very helpful and very polite very nice and I'm totally satisfied.
The gentleman was very helpful and easy to talk to.
The representative was wonderful supportive and very knowledgeable.
Everyone was very polite and very professional.
The very both ladies were very patient and very knowledgeable.
The guy was very polite and the representative was good.
The customer rep was very pleasant and very helpful.
Representative was very helpful and pleasant.
The guy was courteous helpful and very polite.
The representative was absolutely helpful and very hospitable thank you.
Other than that she was completely courteous knowledgeable and very helpful.
But your customer service rep was very courteous and very helpful.
The person was extremely helpful extremely kind and very patient.
The agent was really professional and very knowledgeable and gave me.
Everybody was very courteous and helpful.
The representative was very knowledgeable and very polite.
The gentleman was very knowledgeable kind courteous.
Agent was polite courteous and professional.
The representative was very pleasant very responsive and very accurate and I thank you for your help.
Everyone was very friendly and courteous and helpful.
The representative was very courteous and seemed knowledgeable.
The customer service representative advocate Amanda was very helpful and very polite and respectful.
The person was very helpful and should be commended.
everybody was very helpful and very pleasant.
The representative was very nice and very helpful.
The person I spoke with was very thorough and very helpful.
The operator was very kind and helpful and no problems.
The person I talked with was very knowledgeable very helpful very friendly.
The person I spoke with was very thorough and very helpful.
The employee Jonathan was very helpful and very courteous.
Obtained some personal information and she was very pleasant and very professional.
The gentleman was very polite and very helpful.
The representative very was very helpful courteous and kind.
This person that I talked to was very polite and very efficient.
The person was very courteous and kind.
It was a very good experience and your representative was very professional and very courteous.
The receptionist were very careful and organized.
The agent was very professional and very helpful.
The gentleman was perfectly courteous and helpful today.
The representative was very thorough and very kind.
There was nothing she was very helpful and very knowledgeable.
The representative was very helpful and very friendly.
The agent was very thorough personable and detailed oriented.
The representative was very helpful and courteous and friendly.
Your representative was very professional and polite and she couldn't have been any more helpful.
The representative was very polite and very knowledgeable.
The representative was very courteous helpful informative knowledgeable and very resourceful.
She provided excellent customer service she was very patient and very professional.
The Ron was prompt courteous and I'm very pleased.
The assistant was very polite and courteous.
The representative was very knowledgeable very courteous and very concrete.
The representative was very helpful and very pleasant to talk to.
Everybody was very pleasant and helpful.
The representatives were very nice and courteous and professional.
Everything else was fine and the representative was very helpful and very friendly.
The representative was very courteous well spoken and knowledgeable.
The representative I spoke to was excellent thorough professional and very courteous.
The agent was wonderful very pleasant and very knowledgeable.
My representative was actually very efficient and respectful and courteous.
The representative was extremely helpful and professional and pleasant.
The customer rep was very nice and very helpful.
Nothing actually the girl was very polite very information and pleasant.
The agent was polite and very helpful.
The representative was completely accurate professional and very pleasant.
The representative was very courteous and well spoken.
The agent was very polite and easy to talk to and easy to listen.
The representative was very respectful and very nice.
My helper was very courteous and very efficient.
The representative was extremely professional very polite very (unclear).
Rep was courteous and professional.
The gentlemen was very polite very respectful.
The representative was very good and very polite and very personable.
The person was wonderful and very conscientious.
Quite promptly and everyone was very courteous and helpful.
That agent was very sweet and very helpful.
Everything was done perfectly and very professionally and the individual was very knowledgeable and friendly and helpful.
I thought the customer service rep was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
The representative was very effective and very courteous.
It was extremely the representative was extremely courteous and helpful.
And the other gal was very nice and courteous.
The representative was very professional very knowledgeable.
Our representative was very cheerful very helpful.
The gentleman was very pleasant and personal.
The representative was very courteous and efficient.
Was very knowledgeable and was fine.
The person I spoke to was very professional and very helpful.
Your employee was excellent she was very helpful very courteous.
Representative was very courteous and very helpful.
The representative was very cheerful and extremely helpful.
Representative was gracious and well informed.
The representative was very nice and very informative.
The representative was extremely informative and very helpful.
The rep was very kind very courteous and respectful.
The operator was very very helpful and very very nice.
The representative was really excellent knowledgeable and courteous.
The fellow I talked to was extremely courteous and very helpful.
Everybody has been very courteous and very thoughtful.
The representative was extremely patient and very helpful and informative.
The representative was very polite and very helpful.
Nothing she was very knowledgeable and very kind.
The gentleman I spoke with was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
The associate (unclear) was very much knowledgeable and very much willing.
Everything was well the representative was very courteous and respectful.
The representative Paula was very informative and very helpful.
Actually the young man was very attentive very friendly.
My contact person was very useful very informative and very helpful.
The representative was very polite cooperative and helpful.
Actually the person I spoke with was very courteous and very helpful.
The person was very polite and knowledgeable.
The representative was very courteous and competent.
Nothing the representative was very courteous knowledgeable and pleasant.
The agent was extremely courteous professional and (unclear).
The person was lovely and very helpful.
the young man was very courteous and helpful.
Everybody was extremely helpful and very pleasant thank you.
Nothing your representative Kiana was absolutely wonderful very cheerful and very informative.
The representative was extremely helpful and courteous thank you.
The man was very helpful very courteous.
Very the customer service rep was very courteous and helpful.
The person was very knowledgeable and she was very helpful.
The agent was very helpful and courteous and was knowledgeable.
The representative was very professional and very knowledgeable.
And the representative was very kind and considerate and very polite.
Agent was very kind and very educational.
Everybody was very polite and knowledgeable.
The representative was very friendly and was extremely helpful.
My customer service representative was very friendly and very helpful.
