She was wonderful and very knowledgeable.
You've been very helpful and so forth.
She was very pleasant informative very helpful.
The lady was extremely helpful and very courteous.
She was very nice and very knowledgeable.
I appreciated the lady she seemed very knowledgeable and very helpful.
She was very professional and very sweet.
She was very professional and courteous.
She was very kind and very polite.
She was very very helpful and very very kind and polite.
The gal that worked with me was very very nice and very friendly and very efficient.
She was very kind and very helpfully.
She was very helpful and informative.
She was very nice and polite.
But the lady was very very nice and very helpful.
She was very friendly and positive.
She was courteous professional and efficient.
She was very helpful and very accommodating.
The lady was courteous and informative and very helpful.
she was very polite very informative.
She was very lovely and respectful.
She was very helpful polite and professional.
The lady was very helpful and efficient.
Christy was extremely knowledgeable and very helpful and I appreciate it.
she was very rude and disrespectful.
She was very courteous and very nice and I appreciate her.
She was very helpful and very understanding.
She was very informative and very helpful.
She was also very professional and very polite.
Natalie was very informative and very courteous.
She was very professional very precise and very knowledgeable.
She was very helpful and very pleasant.
Whitney was very good and very helpful.
She was well versed and professional.
She was friendly and courteous.
Whitney was personable professional and efficient.
The lady was very pleasant and very informative.
She was very good and very cooperative and very professional.
She was very professional and very friendly.
She was very pleasant and very helpful.
The receptionist was very informative and very pleasant so I'm very satisfied.
She was very respectful and very helpful.
It was a (unclear) experience Debbie was very charming and very helpful.
She was very thorough and very knowledgeable.
She was nice and kind and very sufficient.
She was very personable and efficient.
The girl was very polite and kind and helpful.
Courtney was very professional and very courteous.
Both ladies were very clear very concise and very helpful.
Actually she was very kind and very helpful.
She was very polite very helpful and very courteous.
And she was just wonderful and very helpful.
She was very helpful and courteous.
She was wonderful very helpful and very professional.
she was very courteous and very helpful.
She was very pleasant and courteous.
She was very informative and pleasant to talk to.
She was very understanding and very good.
Kim was very friendly and very helpful.
She was very polite and very helpful.
And she was very polite and helpful.
Everything was she was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
She was very respectful and informative.
And she was very efficient and helpful in everything.
The young lady was very pleasant and very patient and very efficient.
She was very courteous and very helpful.
She was very helpful and very informative.
And she was very professional and very nice.
And she was very thorough and very friendly.
the girl was very pleasant and very cheerful.
She was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
The agent Maria was very informative and very polite and very professional.
She was so friendly and so helpful.
Joyce was very nice and polite and very helpful.
She was very kind and helpful.
And she was really polite and helpful.
She was just so helpful and so sweet and compassionate.
She was very very good and very very helpful.
She was very professional and very pleasant.
She was very patient and very helpful.
And she was just most friendly and extremely helpful.
The lady was excellent and very polite.
She was very courteous and polite.
She was very polite and very courteous and very very helpful.
Debbie was absolutely very accommodating very pleasant.
She was very sweet and courteous.
She was very friendly very knowledgeable and very helpful.
But she was very polite and very helpful.
She was very very helpful and very very courteous on the phone.
Colleen was very nice and helpful and polite.
But the gal was very nice and very helpful.
She was extremely informative and helpful.
She was very kind and very helpful.
She was very kind and very helpful.
She was very polite and very courteous.
She was very polite and courteous.
She was very polite and very courteous and well versed.
Nina was very pleasant and helpful.
So she was very professional and very helpful.
She was very kind and very professional.
She was polite considerate and extremely professional.
Sharon was very customer friendly and very knowledgeable.
She was courteous and efficient.
The lady was very courteous and very helpful and very thorough.
She was fantastic and very helpful.
She was very kind and very willing to help.
Courtney was very polite and helpful.
She was very thorough very friendly and very knowledgeable.
Amy was very pleasant and very helpful.
she was very nice and she was very helpful.
She was awesome and very informative.
She was very efficient and very helpful and I appreciate that.
She was extremely courteous kind and informative and helpful.
The lady was really efficient and knowledgeable.
And she was very helpful and very nice.
She was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
The lady was very good and thorough.
And she was very very polite and very informative.
The gal was extremely helpful and very knowledgeable.
She was very kind and considerate and attentive.
She was very friendly and very professional.
She was very nice and very knowledgeable.
She was very kind and helpful.
But she was very nice and very helpful.
Diane was great and very helpful.
It was she was very courteous and very helpful.
Chantel was very informative and helpful.
Lisa is so helpful and so thoughtful.
The lady was wonderful and very helpful.
She was efficient and nice and calm.
And the lady was very polite and knowledgeable.
She was extremely helpful and very pleasant.
She was very delightful very informative and very helpful.
She is very helpful knowledgeable and was just very considerate.
She was very nice and (unclear) and respectful.
She was very polite very helpful.
All in all she was very courteous and very helpful.
She was pleasant and very informative over the phone.
And she was kind of quiet but sweet and very accommodating.
And she was just most gracious and most helpful.
She was very polite and compassion.
But the girl was very helpful and very pleasant.
You've been very helpful and very courteous and you did really wonderful.
But she was very nice and very helpful.
She was very professional and helpful.
She was totally knowledgeable polite and very efficient.
But she was very nice and very courteous.
She was so nice and friendly and polite.
She was very patient very clear and very helpful.
The lady was very courteous and very helpful.
She was most knowledgeable and helpful and very courteous.
She was very courteous and very helpful.
And she was so pleasant and nice and helpful.
She was pleasant and helpful and knowledgeable and great.
She was very patient and very helpful.
But she was very kind and helpful.
She was very sweet and very informative.
She was very kind and very courteous.
She was very helpful very professional and very courteous.
She was very polite and prompt and helpful and everything was great.
The lady was very kind and helpful.
The lady was very nice and very informative.
And she was very nice and cordial and professional.
The lady was extremely nice and helpful.
She was very helpful and very nice.
The lady was very nice and very helpful.
And she was very attentive and she was very supportive.
But she was very nice and very good.
She was extremely helpful pleasant and very knowledgeable.
And she was very knowledgeable and very courteous.
She was very personable and very helpful.
And she was very pleasant and nice.
She was very professional and helpful.
She was very cordial and very efficient.
She was so polite and very helpful.
The lady was very nice and very helpful.
She was very friendly as well as courteous.
She was very thorough and professional and patient.
She was very nice and very helpful.
She was very nice and very lovely and I appreciated her.
Sandy was very nice and very helpful.
She was wonderful absolutely perfect and very helpful.
She was very nice and helpful.
Her attitude was not helpful and not interesting.
She was very polite very helpful.
She was very good very helpful and very knowledgeable.
She was very kind and very mannerly.
Tina was very professional and very clear.
She was extremely helpful and extremely professional.
She was very thorough and polite and (unclear) very helpful.
She was informative generous and absolutely charming.
Devonne was very courteous and professional.
And she was very cooperative and helpful.
She was very nice and offered great services.
Jennifer was absolutely great and efficient and very knowledgeable.
She was very courteous and very helpful.
She was very polite and very efficient.
But she was very helpful and very pleasant and very sweet.
She was very efficient and very polite and nice.
She was very sweet and very nice.
She was very courteous she was very polite and she was very knowledgeable.
Cheryl was very pleasant and nice.
She was very polite and very helpful.
She was polite and courteous.
She was very courteous and nice.
She was very thoughtful and kind and meticulous.
She was very polite and very good and I would recommend talk.
She was very nice and polite and professional.
But she was very good and very helpful.
Anne was very good and very efficient.
She was an outstanding representative and just truly thoughtful.
The woman was very helpful informative and very polite.
She was very helpful very polite and very friendly.
Ashley was very informative and she is very polite and pleasant.
The lady was very helpful and very polite and very friendly.
The girl was very polite very efficient and very helpful.
She was very kind courteous and very informative.
The rep Renee was absolutely a blessing and very informative and patient and helpful.
Damen was very gracious and very informative so everything went fine.
She was very courteous and understanding.
She was very helpful and very courteous.
The girl was very informative and very helpful.
She was very professional efficient and very delightful to talk on the phone.
Michelle was very organized and very knowledgeable.
She was very friendly courteous and helpful.
She was very thorough very sweet and courteous.
She was friendly and business like.
She was wonderful she was very sweet and helpful.
Lisa was professional courteous and very personable.
And she was very courteous and very nice.
She was very good very conscientious.
Leslie was very helpful and respectful.
The lady was very polite and very helpful.
She was very patient and extremely helpful.
She was very very polite and cooperative and very excuse me concerned.
She was very informative and very helpful.
She is very nice and very lovely.
But she was more than pleasant she was very efficient and very helpful.
She was very informative and she was really very very compassionate as well.
She was very helpful very pleasant and it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
She was very polite and thoughtful.
She was helpful courteous and very informative.
She was very very very informative and very helpful.
But she was very nice and very polite.
She was very professional but pleasant at the same time.
She was very kind and very nice.
Angie was very efficient polite and urgent.
She more she was more than helpful and very knowledgeable.
She was very cordial and very informative.
Rosemary was very helpful very knowledgeable and very pleasant.
But she was quite friendly as well as informative and very professional.
Nothing at all because she was extremely helpful and very polite.
she was very thorough very polite.
The lady was courteous and very efficient.
Adriana was efficient and thorough and professional and friendly.
She was very knowledgeable very professional and very polite.
She was very courteous and very friendly.
She was efficient courteous and knowledgeable.
Miss (unclear) was knowledgeable she was extremely helpful and very professional.
The lady Donna was very nice and helpful.
The lady was very courteous and very helpful.
The lady I spoke with was very pleasant and very helpful.
Because she was very patient and very honestly.
She was so courteous and so helpful.
She was very nice and very informative.
