The call was very efficient and very well answered.
(Unclear) was very nice and very helpful.
lady was so helpful and friendly.
Well they was very helpful so I'm very happy.
It was quick easy and very complete and very helpful.
They all were very kind very informative.
They were very helpful polite and just very nice.
Very thorough and I was extremely pleased.
It was just very nice polite and very knowledgeable.
They were courteous and quick and very helpful.
(Unclear) always nice and professional.
Both of the representatives were extremely courteous and helpful.
They're so respectful and helpful.
(Unclear) the clerk was so sweet and helpful.
Was very efficient and professional about it.
(Unclear) was really nice and helpful.
It was very good very good.
usually very helpful and courteous.
Everybody's been real nice and helpful.
(Unclear) was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
Because everybody's so friendly and upbeat.
It was really perfect and very pleasant.
They've always been pleasant and respectful and very efficient.
Resolved it real quick and was very friendly and personable.
They are so pleasant and so much patience.
It was very helpful very polite very quick.
He spoke very good English.
Because they're always cheerful and helpful.
It was quick and efficient and polite and professional.
Was very good and very helpful.
And as usual courteous and polite.
Otherwise they were very polite very thoughtful very helpful.
And people were very professional and courteous.
Was very efficient and polite.
And friendly and I was very impressed.
The were very respectful and they did a very good job.
Yes (unclear) was very nice very pleasant to talk to.
Representative was quite efficient and most pleasant.
He did it in a very polite and businesslike and professional manner.
It was very nice and very informative.
Gladice helped me and was very courteous and very professional.
Was so patient and kind.
But other than that everyone was very kind and professional.
The representative she's very very cordial and informative.
I found it very very helpful.
They were very kind and courteous.
They are really nice and respectful.
They did a wonderful job and very helpful.
They were warm friendly businesslike and yet very helpful.
They were very nice and very helpful.
They were very informative and very patient.
He did a terrific job and he's very pleasant.
And as usual were courteous and friendly and helpful.
It was so straight and very knowledgeable and very nice.
(Unclear) was excellent professional and efficient.
She did everything very professionally personal and very caring.
Both operators were extremely helpful positive and pleasant.
It's been very helpful and good for me.
The call was very nice very informative very polite.
And was polite and friendly and professional.
Was very congenial and a pleasure to talk to.
Oh they were very pleasant and very helpful.
And was very courteous and polite.
They were just extremely nice and helpful.
The customer service was very polite and very helpful.
It was very nice and polite.
it was very polite and very clear.
She's very good and helpful and that's it.
It was very kind and helpful.
Was very courteous and to the point and time efficient.
They were very helpful and very courteous.
(Unclear) was very well informed and very.
Actually the call was very thorough very timely.
Everybody's really friendly and helpful.
Everyone's always been very lovely at UHC and very helpful.
So everything was very well done very knowledgeable and very (unclear).
It was very complete and courteous and helpful.
Polite and enjoyable to work with.
Was professional and very friendly.
And very much courteous.
Again great answers quickly and very well understood.
Everything was very courteous and very good.
You were most helpful and courteous.
(Unclear) was very (unclear) very helpful and friendly.
It was really really informative and excellent.
They were very nice and polite and everything was easy to understand.
Understood and promptly and very courteous.
They were courteous they were efficient and very patient.
They're always very courteous and always helpful.
Was extremely clear and courteous.
Very helpful and I was very satisfied.
Everybody is very efficient and nice and helpful.
It was very helpful and very encouraging and very good.
And was very personable too.
And they've always been extremely nice and helpful.
The CSR was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
Everything was great no problem very knowledgeable very friendly.
They really were courteous and helpful.
Today was perfect Telmina was incredibly help incredibly thorough and very kind and patient with me.
They are always so polite and so helpful.
It is a blessing and everyone is super super nice and courteous and efficient.
They were very nice and very adequate.
The people were very nice and helpful.
Everyone was concise and efficient.
Everyone's been pleasant and efficient.
They're very good for me.
They were so helpful and considerate and concerned.
And it was very informative and very cordial.
They were courteous and accurate.
Everybody's always friendly and kind and helpful.
But other than that it was very concise very patient and very thorough.
And usual the employee was friendly professional and completely helpful.
And was very professional and very polite.
I feel very well very well helped and very satisfied.
Will was very clear concise and patient.
Everyone is very pleasant very professional and very helpful.
Was very sincere and very uplifting.
They all are very efficient and polite and helpful.
And (unclear) was extremely informative and helpful.
It is very professional and friendly and helpful.
My experience with Mike was very convenient interesting and informative.
The representatives were very polite respectful and helpful.
Efficiently and professionally and friendly.
It was very informative and good.
was so polite so sweet.
Where he is everybody's nice and helpful and knowledgeable.
Who was extremely informative very thorough.
Everything was courteous proficient exact and very good.
It was very helpful and informative.
The (unclear) was very helpful very responsive.
It was very professional very good.
They were very helpful and professional.
Everything was excellent wonderful people very polite.
Everyone has been very nice very polite.
It was handled very professional and very nice.
'Cause they were very polite and patient.
