I am very pleased and very happy and you people are wonderful and I'm very satisfied.
They were very courteous and very informative and I appreciate all their help.
My representative was very nice thorough very informative and helped me very well.
You people are very friendly and very courteous.
Nothing at all the service was great the representative was very kind courteous and very informative.
They're always helpful and willing to help.
I think the representative was very cooperative and very understanding and very helpful.
No I think the customer service was very good and very prompt and very knowledgeable.
Your representative by the name of Sheila was informative lovely considerate professional and quite lovely.
Your representative was very knowledgeable and very pleasant to talk to.
Your representative was courteous pleasant knowledgeable and so very patient.
Y'all are very kind and very courteous people to work with.
Extremely attentive and just very very nice and I thank you very much for his service.
You people are so sensible and so pleasant.
Your representative was very helpful very knowledgeable very professional.
When I call in your people are very professional and very efficient and very knowledgeable.
(Unclear) okay (unclear) and a smart representative and he was very helpful.
Representative was very helpful and very pleasant and thank you very much.
Your representative was very knowledgeable and helpful and kind.
I was very pleased your representatives are always very helpful and easy to work with and kind and courteous.
I'm very happy with young healthcare representatives and again they were very professional and very helpful.
My phone call with your UHC was wonderful and as always very efficient and very productive.
Actually the representative was very helpful and courteous.
Yes the representative was very helpful and very considerate and patient.
They are knowledgeable helpful professional and courteous.
Both the online voice and the person were extremely easy to function with and very courteous.
I'm a new customer but the agent was very informative and very helpful.
But other than that your customer service people are always very friendly and courteous.
Y'all are always real nice and pleasant to talk to.
Representative was very thorough and very patient.
I happen to be very very knowledgeable about things.
Customer service very informative very fast and courteous.
Not really thank you very much very good.
So (unclear) very helpful and thank you.
She's very helpful and thank you very much.
Your call person was friendly and courteous and extremely helpful so you're doing a wonderful job.
Your representative was professional and knowledgeable and courteous.
Both individuals I spoke to courteous kind and very helpful.
Today's representative for your company was very gracious very concerned very thoughtful.
Your operator was very knowledgeable and very helpful.
I think (unclear) very nice very professional and very effective and we have been really happy with the service.
They're all working very nice courteous and helpful.
Nothing at all the representative was very very helpful and very courteous.
Your employees are very nice and helpful.
Destiny was very helpful and very friendly so thank you very much.
Everybody is always extremely helpful and extremely nice.
Your representative was very helpful and very prompt.
These people were wonderful wonderful wonderful.
I find that the customer service representatives are very courteous and professional but they're extremely hard to understand.
Absolutely nothing my representative your representative was efficient and thorough and I'm very pleased.
The UHC representative was courteous kind knowledgeable and very professional.
And your operators are very polite and considerate.
Not anything you've been very helpful I'm very pleased.
he was excellent so kind and just so just very positive (unclear) very upbeat you're lucky to have him.
Everybody's very very nice and I thank you.
Nothing you have always been very attentive and very nice (unclear).
Personable knowledgeable and an asset to AARP for sure.
(Unclear) very informative and very helpful and helped me to (unclear).
Everybody that I talk to is super nice super polite and super helpful.
Nothing everything was just fine and your agent Richard was very useful very helpful very kind very courteous.
Your representative was very courteous and very helpful.
the employee was more than helpful and very courteous and nice.
Your representative was very helpful very respectful and knowledgeable.
Nothing really the representative was very courteous and helpful.
You have very attentive associates and very friendly so we are very happy.
Your representative Jason was very business like friendly and knowledgeable.
everyone was very helpful very courteous and just a pleasure to work with.
And your staffs are very very friendly and very helpful.
Both were you know very friendly very nice.
The people that I spoke with very courteous and very helpful and very knowledgeable.
As always y'all are very courteous and very helpful.
You've been very helpful and excellent in your response.
Absolutely nothing Jose was courteous prompt and very kind.
the representative was very professional and courteous.
Really nothing the agent was knowledgeable helpful and very pleasant.
You are always courteous and your.
The representative's wonderful very helpful.
Customer service is very friendly knowledgeable and helpful.
the girls are so patient and so wonderful.
I found your representative very helpful very courteous very professional.
Your agent was courteous knowledgeable and friendly.
They have been always very professional very helpful so thank you very much.
The representative is really very knowledgeable and I appreciate it.
Your people are very well informed and they're very helpful.
Nothing the representative I had was very helpful very polite and very nice.
Joe who helped me was very efficient and very professional and very pleasant to talk to.
The representative (unclear) was very courteous and knowledgeable so thank you.
Your representative was very kind and very efficient.
You were very informative and very courteous.
the question was answered very professional and very kind.
Jason is so patient and he's so helpful.
whoever answers is always courteous and very helpful.
Everybody is always very courteous and very helpful and so keep up the good work I guess.
Absolutely nothing the person that helped me was very helpful very knowledgeable and very courteous.
You have very skilled very dedicated and very concerned people working there.
Your customer service representative's always very help and very courteous.
Again Terry was a excellent employee very thorough very helpful and very caring again thank you so much.
Very happy and the representative was very helpful and polite and professional.
Really nothing because the gentleman was very nice and very helpful and very polite.
You're very professional and the representative that was professional and very kind and generous thank you.
Nothing your people are always very helpful very friendly and very polite we're very satisfied thank you.
Your representative Lisa was very professional very helpful.
United Healthcare has been extremely responsive and helpful.
Your representatives are very polite and kind.
Your agent was very very helpful but difficult to understand at times.
She's very knowledgeable very helpful and that's all okay.
(Unclear) they both of the ladies were very helpful and very nice.
The were all very knowledgeable and courteous and very helpful so I can't improve on that.
Customer service representative was wonderful helpful and very kind and courteous.
Your rep was very knowledgeable and very sweet.
(Unclear) your representative is so courteous and knowledgeable.
your representative was very nice and very helpful.
Your representative was very nice and very cordial.
Your representatives are always very courteous thank you.
Your representatives are knowledgeable courteous and helpful.
The people are so kind considerate and helpful.
Got the answers I needed and was very professional and very courteous and friendly.
I thought the representative was very friendly knowledgeable and helpful.
Everyone was considerate and very nice to talk to.
Most (unclear) that customer service representative was very polite and very informative.
The associates are very courteous and knowledgeable.
You were efficient fast personable polite and knowledgeable.
Everybody is always courteous and polite and takes their time.
He should get a raise and he was very sincere and very helpful and very kind and very very warm and (unclear) helpful about my question and more.
Yeah the service was fine cooperative and courteous.
The people are always so wonderful to me and so helpful.
The representative was terrific very easy to talk to and very knowledgeable and just (unclear) extremely nice experience.
Customer service was excellent and courteous and very helpful.
They're all very very nice to me.
everything I've called you've always been very kind and very helpful.
representative Vivian was totally professional kind and caring.
Your representative was very professional very courteous.
Your representative was very professional and very nice.
Your customer service rep was pretty thorough and self explanatory so I'm very satisfied.
Your people are really courteous and really helpful.
Your representative was very friendly courteous and extremely helpful.
They're all genuine they're all very helpful they're all very knowledgeable.
Your representative Brian was so thoughtful and polite.
Services have been very accurate and very nice voices pleasant voices.
You were very helpful and very informative.
They're always very helpful with me.
All the people we talked to were very helpful very courteous and very patient.
The representative is polite thorough efficient and just wonderful.
All your people are just courteous and very professional and they're very good.
You are so courteous and helpful.
Y'all are always wonderful and always very helpful and always knowledgeable.
You were extremely helpful and very courteous.
There's always friendly and knowledgeable representatives so I'm happy and pleased.
All of the personnel the tech support and the other members were extremely helpful and very kind and very polite.
Your representative was very knowledgeable and helpful.
Representatives are very nice and polite and thanks for your good service.
Customer service Ron assisted me very professional very knowledgeable and helpful.
Mr (Unclear)from your grievance department was most helpful and very courteous.
You were just so helpful and very wonderful.
But really excellent patient understanding helpful knowledgeable and professional.
The representative was friendly and kind and informative and UHC did a very good job for me.
Your associates are very knowledgeable polite and professional.
Everyone is always very helpful polite and friendly.
Anyway they were all very courteous very friendly for my experience.
Both persons that I spoke with were very knowledgeable and very helpful.
You're always very polite and very helpful thank you.
You all are very professional and nice thank you.
You are very patient very caring and understanding.
UHC has been extremely helpful and kind and considerate as the representatives have been informative and easy to talk to.
UHC representatives have always been very cooperative and very helpful.
He answered all my questions was very efficient very professional and very customer oriented.
And as always you know people at United are just so friendly so nice so professional and so helpful.
Customer service was caring and very informative.
Could not be more kind patient and courteous to me.
But your rep was extremely helpful and very nice.
Your associates were courteous and very helpful with the information.
the representative was extremely helpful very nice and polite and made things very easy.
Absolutely nothing the customer rep was very friendly and very courteous and informative.
Your representative was very informative and very patient.
And your agent was a very courteous and very nice.
You were very informative and very personable and there's really nothing that could've been done.
United Healthcare care and improvement representatives have been very courteous very professional knowledgeable and also try to (unclear) resolutions.
She's very helpful with my questions very outgoing.
Your agent was very good very polite very well mannered.
And the employees are quite courteous and professional.
the representative was knowledgeable helpful fast and extremely efficient.
The service is good and your representatives are extremely kind and polite and understanding.
The service was exceptionally well and very nice and polite and I appreciate your business.
They're all so nice and so friendly and so helpful and I certainly appreciate everything they do.
Your representative was quite knowledgeable and very polite very cordial and she needs to be commended.
as usual very good and the young gentleman Robert was very helpful very polite and knowledgeable thank you.
You've always been so helpful efficient friendly perfect.
Your representatives is extremely courteous and nice.
They've been very kind and very helpful every time I've called.
And the representatives have always been very helpful and very knowledgeable.
The rep is always courteous polite and makes conversation.
I think the representatives are very very efficient and positive.
It went very smoothly very (unclear) and your representative is very pleasant knowledgeable and a pleasure to deal with.
Your representative was very nice and helpful.
