She's very pleasant and helpful.
Very professionally and very politely.
Very respectful and very helpful.
Very polite and helpful.
She's very courteous and very kind.
Very friendly person and very helpful.
Was very pleasant and very patient.
Really nice and very helpful and knowledgeable.
They're very efficient and very nice and very patient and I do appreciate it.
Very courteous very quick very knowledgeable.
You're very good and very professional.
Very understanding and very pleasant.
It's very nice and very helpful.
Not very friendly but very professional.
Very professional and courteous.
Very very knowledgeable and competent and also very professional.
Very helpful competent and knowledgeable.
Friendly and very polite.
She's a very respectful and very professional.
Very nice person and very helpful.
Very knowledgeable and courteous.
Really (unclear) very very polite and very helpful.
Very courteous and also very soothing cuz I'm a mess.
Pretty courteous and very friendly.
Very quick and very smooth and made my day.
Very helpful and polite and friendly.
Very good and very much (unclear) so we are very happy.
and very courteous and very customer oriented.
Very helpful and courteous.
Very polite and knowledgeable.
Very polite and she's very helpful.
She's very polite and helpful.
Very professional and very courteous.
They're very courteous and polite.
Very pleasant very thorough and I'm very happy.
Very knowledgeable and very pleasant over the phone.
It's very professional very courteous.
Very professional courteous and very concerned.
And very pleasant and very nice to talk to.
Very polite and very professional.
And very helpful and thorough.
She's very pleasant and polite and kind but the communication was very difficult.
Very helpful courteous and knowledgeable.
extremely helpful and very knowledgeable.
Very knowledgeable and I'm well satisfied.
Very polite very nice very informative.
Very kind very considerate and well mannered.
And very professional very nice.
Very professional and very very nice.
It's pleasant very warm and nice.
precise and very courteous and very knowledgeable.
Very (unclear) pleasant and helpful.
She's very patient and courteous.
Very kind and very sweet and very patient.
Very kind and courteous yet professional and was.
Pleasant and very helpful.
Very sweet and very caring.
Very well informed and very efficient and very intelligent.
Very sweet and very understanding.
(unclear) professional and obviously very well trained.
Very knowledgeable very professional and very courteous.
Very easy very simple and courteous.
Very cordial and very professional.
Very knowledgeable and toned.
Friendly courteous and informative.
Always excellent very helpful.
And very patient and polite.
Very informative and very friendly and I appreciate it.
(Unclear) very accurate and very attentive.
Friendly and smart.
They're extremely nice and very helpful.
Very thoughtful and this.
It's very good and very knowledgeable.
Very professional and very kind.
Very professional and very helpful.
Very understanding and very professional.
she's very pleasant to speak with and very helpful.
Very professional and very helpful.
They're always very courteous very kind and very knowledgeable.
And very courteous and very helpful.
Very satisfied and thanks.
She's very very nice and courteous.
Very kind and very caring.
Very informative and knowledgeable and very professional.
Darious was very professional but yet very kind.
Very professional and helpful and then we're happy.
Very professional and very thoughtful and kind.
And very sweet and knowledgeable.
Very timely and people are very professional.
Very good and complete and thorough.
Very helpful and friendly and knowledgeable.
Very professional and knowledgeable.
Very professional and yet very friendly.
Very pleasant people and very informative so everything was great.
So kind and so professional.
He's very well spoken and very well mannered.
Very polite and they sound very pretty.
Very knowledgeable and very thoughtful.
Very polite and very professional.
Polite courteous and helpful.
Very patient and quite helpful.
Very sweet and very knowledgeable.
Very friendly and helpful.
Not very much you're very good.
Nothing because they're very polite and very helpful.
Very courteous and polite.
She's very professional and very warm at the same time.
Everybody's very professional and polite and helpful and encouraging.
And so very good service and very friendly.
It's always very courteous polite and helpful.
He's very professional and very good.
And she's very pleasant and good natured.
Very polite and very professional so I'm really happy.
Been very professional and very prompt.
very polite and very kind.
Friendly and nice.
Everyone's courteous and very nice.
Very pleased and perfect.
Very patient understanding and very helpful.
Very knowledgeable and it was very great.
Very pleasant and very professional.
Very polite and very business like.
Very professional and friendly and helpful and pleased with the results.
And very nice and very pleasant.
Very astute very conscientious and customer orientated.
She's very kind and very easy to work with.
Short and sweet very good.
Very friendly and very knowledgeable.
So warm and wonderful and personality plus.
