Very enjoyable to talk with.
very kind and respectful and you're lucky to have her.
And knowledgeable and professional and nothing.
Very polite courteous very information.
Well very professional at everything.
Very courteous rep and very fast service.
Very polite personable young lady helped me.
Was wonderful attentive professional very pleasant to talk to.
As usual very wonderful and cheerful and kind so thank you.
Very direct and professional and helped me tremendously.
Very informative and very nice gentleman that helped me.
Very thorough very tenacious in finding the information.
Very knowledgeable very nice very sweet to talk with.
very wonderful patient kind and very knowledgeable.
Very thorough and was very good to deal with and a wonderful personality.
Was very professional and very patient with me.
Otherwise very courteous people and they're really happy.
Very courteous and professional in my dealings with the lady.
Extremely informative and pleasant representative.
But anyway very wonderful experience and very knowledgeable and thank you very much.
He's very professional very efficient and did a great job overall.
Just very polite also.
So they're very compassionate and professional and I do appreciate it.
Very professional very helpful very friendly and I do appreciate it thank you.
Very cheerful very friendly and did her job outstandingly.
The representative was absolutely wonderful informative very professional very courteous very polite and very informative and very patient.
Very very nice and I don't know.
Very informative and very courteous service.
They're very polite they're very knowledgeable.
very pleasant gentleman but you know chatty.
Very courteous person.
Just very courteous very kind.
The really (unclear) was (unclear) very courteous very polite very kind.
She's very helpful very courteous very patient.
Very professional very knowledgeable and really appreciate it.
Very helpful and kind person.
They're very polite too and friendly at the same time.
So he's very courteous very helpful very knowledgeable.
Very helpful very professional and I thank him very much.
He's very courteous and kind patient and I thank him.
In very courteous and professional manner.
Very courteous and quite helpful so I thank you very much.
Very professional response from the health care provider and courteous and professional and so it was.
They're nice courteous people.
And very nice professional kind knowledgeable.
Very friendly and I am extremely satisfied with her job.
Exceptionally great service with lots of information and also very pleasant person to speak with.
She's professional courteous personable reassuring and knowledgeable.
Very helpful very pleasant nice lady no problems what so ever.
Very helpful and thank you.
You're all very streamlined very educated very polite very professional very (unclear).
Very professional and very courteous and thank you.
She's very courteous excellent.
Very professional very knowledgeable and patient.
It's very patient very kind.
Very pleasant to talk with and just very.
Friendly courteous and kind.
Very helpful and thank you.
Very professional polite and I.
Excellent demeanor and very willing to help.
very patient very understanding and very helpful very knowledgeable and I really appreciated talking to her.
Very sweet very polite lady and interested in helping.
Very friendly and thorough clear concise.
Always courteous friendly knowledgeable eager to help.
Very friendly very helpful and a great personality.
Very nice and kind and I appreciate you so much.
Very professional and just an awesome person.
